NATIVE PLANT LIST 2023
"L " MEANS SUPPLY LIMITED


Agastache 'Blue Fortune' - AND 'Black Adder'. purple-blue flowers are superb bee attractors.
Amsonia hubrichtii- light blue flower but grown for the gold fall color and great texture. Grow in Sun.
Aquilegia canadensis Red Columbine - SO
earliest hummingbird attractor.
Anemone canadensis - ground cover for
sun or shade, fills in a space, nice
white flowers. SO
Arisaema triphyllum. Jack-in-the-pulpiT is a woodland favorite. SPRING


Aster novae-angliae New England Aster
beautiful for late summer into fall.
Aster 'Raydon's Favorite' - sky-blue
flowers summer through fall. Loved by butterflies.
Aster 'October Skies' fall blooming
blue-flowered beauty.
Aster "Snow Flurry' white ground cover
Asclepias incarnata Swamp Milkweed SO
likes moist site but takes average site. Food for monarch caterpillars.
'Ice Ballet' white-flowers.SO
Asclepias purpurascens Purple Milkweed. Flowers are a deeper purple-rose color. SO
Asclepias syriaca Common Milkweed
indispensable Monarch caterpillar food.
Asclepias tuberosa Butterfly Weed. SO
the beautiful orange milkweed must
have sun and good drainage.
Asclepias verticillata Whorled Milkweed SO
Another one for your Monarchs, not
as common. Add it to your native display. White flowers LIMITED
Asarum canadense Great ground cover for shade to part-shade. SO
Aruncus dioicus Goatsbeard is a dramatic plant for a well-drained part-shaded site. Attains size of a small shrub. Flowers are feathery white.
Carex - Scroll down to SEDGES for descriptions.
Chelone glabra "white Turtlehead" for part-shade. Host for Checkerspot butterfles.
Echinacea purpurea "Purple Coneflower" this is the well-known one that is still the best.
Eryngium yuccifolium "Rattlesnake Master' for a dry sunny site. Unique flowers that add interest to your native landscape.
Eupatorium (now Eutrochium) fistulosum Joe Pye Weed is indispensable. For Swallowtails.
Eupatorium coelestinum (now called Conoclinium) NEXT YEAR
Eupatorium perfoliatum "Boneset" brings pollinators. Beautiful in sun . SO
Heliopsis helianthoides 'Burning Hearts' Thia cultivar shows some red in the center of the gold summer flowers for pollinators.








FERNS
Good Selection ` see when visiting
GRASSES
Andropogon gerardii Big Bluestem is a meadow mainstay. we have "Blackhawks"
Panicum 'Shenandoah' Red color on leaves in late summer to fall when in full sun.
Panicum 'Nordwind" tall but doesn't fall
Sorghastrum nutans "Indian Grass" nice with any
other natives in your garden. Seed heads great for birds.
Sporobolus "Prairie Dropseed"
Schizacharium 'Standing Ovation' is a great Little Bluestem that stands straight to about 3' tall, shows red color.
'SHINING STAR'. Special you must see!


MORE NATIVES
Heuchera americana 'Dale's Strain' leaves are variegated with silver, for shade-part-shade.SPRING
Heuchera 'Autumn Bride' Beautiful strong plant with large white flowers.
Heuchera 'Palace Purple' tried and true favorite with lustrous purple leaves. Sun or shade. SO
Heuchera 'Bronze Wave"
Heliopsis helianthoides False sunflower is a mainstay for pollinators. Birds eat the seeds.
Iris cristata 'Powder Blue Giant' large lovely blue flowers in spring. Forms a weed-suppressing mat.
Iris cristata 'Tennessee White' white flowered form.
Iris fulva unusual copper flowers. Forms a beautiful clump in a sunny moist site.
Lobelia cardinalis Cardinal Flower - don't let it dry out. Red spikes in sun or shade.SO
Lobelia syphillitica "Great Blue Lobelia". Easy for shade to part-shade. Self-seeder. Pollinators .SO
Lonicera 'Major Wheeler' A gorgeous vine for hummingbirds.
Monarda fistulosa Wild Bergamot enhances your meadow with lavender flowers for pollinators especially butterflies.SO
Monarda 'Jacob Cline' the most mildew-resistant monarda. Bright red flowers bring hummingbirds. SO
Oenothera fruticose "Sun Drops" Bright gold flowers in early summer and even blooms in shade.
Packera aurea Golden Ragwort for a nice patch of gold in shade.SO
Penstemon digitalis is early blooming white flowered mainstay very reliable in sun.SO
Penstemon hirsutis "Hairy Penstemon is unommon and a terrific pollinator subject with blue flowers. Grow in sun.NEXT YEAR WE HOPE
Phlox paniculata "Bright Eyes" light pink SO
Phlox Paniculata 'Jeanna" rose color
Phlox Panicula 'Daughter of Pearl' white
with pink center
Phlox divaricata 'Blue Moon' lovely for the shade spring garden.SPRING
Phlox stolonoifera 'Sherwood Purple' for the woodland setting.SPRING
Polemonium reptans Jacob's Ladder. We have selections of an antique clump (probably dug from the wild before folks knew better.). Refined plant with light blue flowers. SPRING
Rudbeckia 'Goldsturm' is a reliable self-seeder. Fits in with any other natives for a long-blooming show starting in mid-summer.SO
Rudbeckia laciniata "Green-Headed Coneflower" a super plant grows tall for your meadow garden with grasses or near a fence.
Solidago 'Fireworks' graceful, A class act Goldenrod
Solidago flexicaulis "zigzag Goldenrod' adds color in shade.SO
Spiranthes odorata. Native terrestrial orchid, fragrant white spires in fall. Needs moist site.
Sedum ternatum. This native sedum is lovely in bloom when it's full of white flowers in shade, but a good ground cover any time.SO
Silphium perfoliatum "Cup Plant" needs room and a moist site. Outstanding! INQUIRE
Spiranthes odorata "Fragrant Ladies' Tresses" is a native terrestrial orchid. Spikes of white flowers
in late summer. Need a moist location. Morning sun is good.
Tiarella "Foamflower" -groundcover for shade, white spring bloom.
Tiarella 'Running Tapestry'. This Foamflower spreads and can fill in a shady space where you need a ground cover.
Zizia aurea "Golden Alexander" for butterflies and early bloom.SPRING
SEDGES
Carex apalachica A lot like Pennsylvanica but takes drier site


Carex amphibola. Creek Sedge
Fountain-like clumps. bright green. For shade in moist to medlum soil. 12 - 18" Host plant for Skipper caterpillars. Seeds eaten by birds. Fills in quickly.


Carex eburnia. Ivory or Bristle-leaf Sedge
Dense clumps of fine green leaves 6 - 10" high. will take sun. Will stand dry soil but average is best.
IMPORTANT early food source for birds. A good choice for lawn replacement.


Carex flaccosperma Blue Wood Sedge.
A low-growing clump-former with broad bluish leaves. Best in moist area. Good for replacing the popular non-native Liriope.


Carex grayii Bur Sedge
A great rain garden subject. A highly ornamental sedge with Slowly spreading clumps of narrow leaves and unique spherical greenish flowers. for part sun or part shade in moist to wet soil. SO


Carex muskingumensis Palm Sedge
Ok for sun if area does not get too dry. also ok for shade and for wet area. Interesting foliage suggests palm leaf. You can't go wrong with this one!
SO
Carex Pennsylvanica
Popular lawn substitute sometimes called "sod-forming" takes a wide range of light conditions and soil. A great ground cover under trees.


Carex plantaginea Seersucker Sedge
12" clumps of lime-green puckered broad leaves. Very hardy in part shade. Prefers moist site but tolerates some dryness. Butterfly host plant. Seeds are food for woodland birds SO


Carex platyphylla. Broad-leaf Sedge
Wide blueish leaves on clump forming plant.
About 10"tall and wide VERY LIMITED.
Part-shade is best. NEXT YEAR MAYBE


Carex radiata. Eastern Star Sedge
Fine textured clumps of medium green. For full or part shade. Should not completely dry out. Looks expecially good when several planted together.
















SHRUBS
Aronia arbutifolia Red Chokeberry
Aronia melanocarpa Black Chokeberry ?
Chionanthus virginicus Fringetree SPRING
Cephalanthus Oxidentalis Buttonbush
Oakleaf Hydrangea Snow Queen
Lindera benzin Spicebush SPRING
Viburnum dentatum SPRING
Winterrberry 'Maryland Beauty'
Magnolia virginia Sweet Bay Magnolia
Viburnum nudum 'Brandywine'SPRING
Myrica ennsylvanica Bayberry


SMALL TREES - Redbud, pagoda Dogwood. White Dogwood, Serviceberry


SiteSkins.net Make your own website