2023 Page 1 Botanical Genus Botanical Species Variety Name Nat. + Common Plant Name N Fir Fir Korean Maple Paper Bark Maple 'Ed Wood' Maple Full Moon Palmate 'Green Cascade' Maple Full Moon Palmate Maple Full Moon Palmate Maple Full Moon Palmate Maple Japanese Coral Bark Maple Japanese Red Palmate + Maple Japanese Dwarf Full Leaf 'Emperor I' Maple Japanese Red Palmate + Maple Japanese Purple Leaf Upright Dwarf Maple Japanese Yellow Palmate + Maple Japanese Tree Form Green Maple Japanese Green Leaf Maple Japanese Bonsai + Maple Japanese Red Shrub Form Maple Japanese Red Yellow Leaf Maple Japanese Green Bonsai Maple Japanese Green Leaf 'Red Baron' Maple Japanese Red Leaf Upright Dwarf Maple Japanese Weeping Green Maple Japanese Green Yellow Palmate Maple Japanese Green Palmate Maple Japanese Green Palmate Maple Japanese Lion's Head + Maple Japanese Yellow/Red Maple Japanese Floating Cloud 'Crimson Queen' Maple Maple Maple 'Red Dragon' + Maple Maple Abies concolor sp. White or Concolor Abies koreana 'Silberlocke' Acer griseum sp. Acer japonicum 'Aconitifolium' Full Moon Fernleaf Acer japonicum Acer japonicum Acer japonicum 'Take No Gawa' Acer japonicum 'Vitifolium' Acer palmatum 'Beni Kawa' Acer palmatum 'Bloodgood' Acer palmatum 'Coonara Pygmy' Acer palmatum Acer palmatum 'Iijima Sunago' Acer palmatum 'Kawahara No Midori' Acer palmatum 'Killarney' Acer palmatum 'Kinky Krinkle' Acer palmatum 'Kurui Jishi' Acer palmatum 'Lozita' Acer palmatum 'Manyo No Sato' Acer palmatum 'Murasaki Kiyohime' Acer palmatum 'Okushimo' Acer palmatum Acer palmatum 'Ryusen' Acer palmatum 'Sagara Nishiki' Acer palmatum 'Sango Kaku Offspring' Acer palmatum 'Scolopendrifolium Offspring' Acer palmatum 'Suminagashi' Acer palmatum 'Tsuma Beni' Acer palmatum 'Ukigumo' Acer palmatum dissectum Japanese Red Laceleaf Acer palmatum dissectum 'Inaba Shidare' Japanese Red Laceleaf Acer palmatum dissectum 'Orangeola' Japanese Green/Orange Laceleaf Acer palmatum dissectum Japanese Red Laceleaf Acer palmatum dissectum 'Tamukeyama' Japanese Red Laceleaf 2023 Page 2 'Crimson King' Maple Red Leafed Norway 'Crimson Sentry' Maple Red Leafed Norway 'October Glory' N Maple Red N Maple Red N Maple Silver N Maple Sugar 'Autumn Moon' Maple Full Moon Green Maple 'Jordan' Maple + Maple 'Red Dawn' + Maple + Maple Maple Full Moon Korean 'Hot Wings' Maple Kiwi Fruiting N Buckeye Buckeye N Alder Speckled N x 'Autumn Brilliance' N Hybrid N Red 'Autumn Magic' N Black Azalea D. Hybrid D. 'Gibraltar' Azalea Deciduous Azalea Hybrid E. 'Boudoir' Azalea Evergreen Azalea E. Hybrid E. 'Delaware Valley White' Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. 'Elsie Lee' Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. 'Herbert' Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. Azalea Azalea E. Hybrid E. 'Rosebud' Azalea Evergreen Gable Azalea E. Hybrid E. Azalea Evergreen Gable Azalea E. Hybrid E. 'Tradition' Azalea Acer platanoides Acer platanoides Acer rubrum Acer rubrum sp. Acer saccharinum sp. Acer saccharum sp. Acer shirasawanum Acer shirasawanum 'Johin' Shirasawa Red Dwarf Acer shirasawanum Shirasawa Yellow Acer shirasawanum 'Mirte' Shirasawa Bronze Acer shirasawanum Shirasawa Red/Green Acer shirasawanum 'Shira Red' Shirasawa Red Acer sieboldianum 'Sode No Uchi' Acer tartaricum Tartarian Actinidia arguta 'Issai' Aesculus parviflora sp. Bottlebrush Aesculus pavia sp. Red Horsechestnut Alnus rugosa sp. Amelanchier canadensis sp. Serviceberry Shadblow Amelanchier Serviceberry Aronia arbutifolia 'Brilliantissima' Chokeberry Aronia melanocarpa Chokeberry Evergreen Glenndale Evergreen Girard 'Girard Crimson' Evergreen Girard 'Girard Hot Shot' Evergreen Girard 'Girard Pleasant White' Evergreen Girard 'Girard Rose' Evergreen Girard Evergreen Girard 'Hino Crimson' Evergreen Girard 'Stewartsonian' Evergreen Kurume 2023 Page 3 'Heritage' N Birch River N Birch River –Multi N Birch Gray N Birch Gray 'Asian Moon' Butterfly Bush Sterile Purple Flower 'Black Knight' Butterfly Bush Black/Purple Flower 'Buzz Hot Raspberry' Butterfly Bush Compact Dark Pink Flower 'Buzz Sky Blue' Butterfly Bush Compact Blue Flower 'Violet Cascade' + Butterfly Bush Light Purple Flower 'Wisteria Lane' Butterfly Bush Light Lavender Weeping 'Green Ice' Boxwood Korean Globe 'Green Mountain' Boxwood Korean Pyramidal 'Winter Gem' Boxwood Korean Globe Boxwood Creamy Variegation 'Profusion' Purple Purple N Allspice Carolina N Ironwood American x Bluebeard Light Blue Flower 'Dark Knight' Bluebeard Purple Flower Chestnut Chinese N Common 'Covey' N Weeping Green Leaf 'Flame' N Double Flower 'Forest Pansy' N Red New Growth N Pink Flower 'Vanilla Twist' N Weeping White Flower N Eastern Quince White/Pink Flower 'Golden Wonder' N Cypress Lawson Golden 'Van Pelts Blue' N Cypress Lawson Blue N Cypress Bluish Weeping Alaskan 'Green Arrow' Cypress Weeping Alaskan Compact 'Jubilee' N Cedar Weeping Alaskan Narrow N Cypress Weeping Alaskan Betula nigra Betula nigra sp. Betula populifolia sp. Multistem Betula populifolia sp. Single Buddleia davidii Buddleia davidii Buddleia davidii Buddleia davidii Buddleia davidii Buddleia davidii Buxus micro. Koreana Buxus micro. koreana Buxus micro. Koreana Buxus sempervirens 'Aureovariegata' Callicarpa bodnieri Beautyberry Callicarpa dichotoma 'Issai' Beautyberry Calycanthus floridus sp. Carpinus caroliniana sp. Caryopteris 'Longwood Blue' Caryopteris x clandonensis Castanea mollissima sp. Cephalanthus occidentalis sp. Buttonbush Cercis canadensis Redbud Cercis canadensis Redbud Cercis canadensis Redbud Cercis canadensis 'Tennesee Pink' Redbud Cercis canadensis Redbud Cercis canadensis sp. Redbud Chaenomeles speciosa 'Toyo-Nishiki' Chamaecyparis lawsoniana Chamaecyparis lawsoniana Chamaecyparis nootkatensis 'Glauca Pendula' Chamaecyparis nootkatensis Chamaecyparis nootkatensis Chamaecyparis nootkatensis 'Pendula' 2023 Page 4 N Cedar Weeping Alaskan Narrow N Cypress Weeping Alaskan Variegated Cypress 'Blue Feathers' (Fast Form) Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress 'Golden Filament' + Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress 'Lynn's Golden' Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress Cypress 'Golden Pin Cushion' Cypress 'Lemon Thread' Cypress 'Snow' Cypress 'Vintage Gold' Cypress Cypress Cypress Variegated Gold Thread 'Gold Mop' Cypress 'Heather Bun' Cypress Dwarf White N Male and Female 'Hummingbird' N Compact White Flower 'Ruby Spice' N Pink Flower 'Sixteen Candles' N Dwarf White Flower 'Bud's Yellow' N Dogwood N Dogwood Pagoda Chamaecyparis nootkatensis 'Van den Akker' Chamaecyparis nootkatensis Variegata' Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Aurea' Hinoki Golden Chamaecyparis obtusa Compact Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Compacta' Compact Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Confucious' Hinoki Golden Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Filicoides Compacta' Fernspray Chamaecyparis obtusa Dwarf Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Gracilis' Slender Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Kamaeni Hiba' Hinoki Dwarf Golden Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Kosteri Fast Form' Lighter Green Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Kosteri' Lighter Green Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Lutea Compacta' Compact Yellow Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa Hinoki Compact Golden Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Nana Gracilis' Dwarf Hinoki Cypress Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Nana Lutea' Dwarf Yellow Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Nana' Dwarfier Dwarf Hinoki Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Pygmaea' Hinoki Prostrate Chamaecyparis obtusa 'Tetragonia Aurea' Golden Fernspray Chamaecyparis pisifera 'Aureovariegata' Dwarf Sawara Chamaecyparis pisifera 'Golddust' Dwarf Golden Sawara Chamaecyparis pisifera Dwf Golden Sawara ~ 1x2 Chamaecyparis pisifera Mounding Yellow Sawara Chamaecyparis pisifera White Tipped Sawara Chamaecyparis pisifera Sawara Compact Golden Chamaecyparis pisifera filifera 'Aurea' Sawara Gold Thread Leaf Chamaecyparis pisifera filifera 'Aureovariegata' Chamaecyparis pisifera filifera Sawara Gold Thread Leaf Chamaecyparis thyoides Chionanthus virginicus sp. Fringetree Clethra alnifolia Summersweet Clethra alnifolia Summersweet Clethra alnifolia Summersweet Cornus alba Tartarian Cornus alternifolia sp. 2023 Page 5 N Dogwood Silky 'Cherokee Princess' N Dogwood Pink Flower 'Milky Way' Dogwood Dogwood 'Wolf Eyes' Dogwood Dogwood mas 'Golden Glory' Dogwood N Dogwood Compact Red Twig Shrub Dogwood Dwarf Red Twig x 'Stellar Pink Variegated' Dogwood Hybrid Pink Variegated x 'Stellar Pink' Dogwood Hybrid Pink x 'Venus' Dogwood Hybrid Large White Flower 'Royal Purple' Purple Leaved x 'Grace' Red Leaved 'Tom Thumb' Cranberry 'Emerald Sprite' Improved Spreading 'Black Dragon' Cedar Japanese Temple Cedar Golden Japanese Temple x 'Strawberry Fields' Pink Flower N Persimmon American Variegated Five Leaf 'Sunspot' Spotted Burning Bush 'Little Moses' Burning Bush Dwarf 'Emerald and Gold' Yellow/Green Variegated Yellow/Green Variegated 'Silver King' Evergreen 'Silver Queen' Evergreen x 'Arkansas Black' Apple Fruiting Antique Dwarf x 'Buckeye Gala' Apple Fruiting Dwarf x 'Cox Orange Pippin' Apple Fruiting Dwarf x Apple Fruiting Dwarf x Apple Fruiting Dwarf x 'Enterprise' Apple Fruiting Dwarf x Apple Fruiting Dwarf Cornus amomum sp. Cornus florida Cornus kousa chinensis Kousa Improved Cornus kousa chinensis 'Miss Satomi' Kousa Pink Flower Cornus kousa chinensis Variegated Kousa Cornus kousa chinensis sp. Kousa-Single Stem Tree Form Cornus Corneliancherry Cornus sericea 'Isanti' Cornus sericea 'Kelseyi' Cornus Cornus Cornus Cotinus cogryggria Smoketree Cotinus Smoketree Cotoneaster apiculata Cotoneaster Cotoneaster x suecicus Cotoneaster Cryptomeria japonica Cryptomeria japonica 'Sekkan Sugi' Deutzia Deutzia Diospiros virginiana sp. Eleutherococcus sieboldianus 'Variegatus' Aralia Euonymous fortunei Euonymus Euonymus alatus 'Compacta Offspring' Compactish Euonymus alatus Euonymus fortunei Euonymus Euonymus fortunei 'Moonshadow' Euonymus Euonymus japonica Euonymus Euonymus japonica Euonymus F Malus F Malus F Malus F Malus 'Cripps Pink' F Malus 'Dandee Red' F Malus F Malus 'Goldrush' 2023 Page 6 x Apple Fruiting Dwarf x Apple Fruiting Dwarf x Apple Fruiting Semi-Dwarf x 'Ruby Mac' Apple Fruiting Dwarf x Apple Fruiting Antique Dwarf x 'Winter Banana' Apple Fruiting Dwarf x 'Yellow Transparent' Apple Fruiting Antique Dwarf x Apple Fruiting Semi-Dwarf x-Sour 'Balaton' Cherry Fruiting Sour Cherry, Sour Fruiting Cherry x Peach Fruiting Dwarf x 'Fox Hill Beauty' (unknown) Peach Fruiting x-European 'Empress' Plum-European Fruiting Semi-Dwarf x-Japanese Plum-Japanese Fruiting Semi-Dwarf x-Japanese 'Ozark Premier' Plum-Japanese Fruiting Semi-Dwarf x-Japanese 'Satsuma' Plum-Japanese Fruiting Semi-Dwarf hybrid Pear Hybrid x-Asian '20th Century' Pear-Asian Fruiting Asian Dwarf x-Asian Pear-Asian Fruiting Asian Dwarf x-Asian 'Olympic Giant' Pear-Asian Fruiting Asian Dwarf x-European 'Bartlett' Pear-European Fruiting Semi-Dwarf x-European Pear-European Fruiting European Dwarf x-European Pear-European Fruiting Semi-Dwarf 'Purple Fountain' Beech Narrow European Weeping Purple Beech European Weeping Purple Beech European Purple Beech European Tricolor Forsythia x 'Gold Tide' Forsythia Dwarf Forsythia x Forsythia Full Size X major N Hybrid x 'Lydia' Broom Bright Yellow 'Golden Locust' Honeylocust N Kentucky N Carolina 'Arnold Promise' Witch Hazel Chinese Yellow Flower F Malus 'Honeycrisp' F Malus 'Jonastar' F Malus 'Nittany' F Malus F Malus 'Sheepnose' F Malus F Malus F Malus 'Zestar!" F Prunus Cherry F Prunus-Cherry cerasus sp. F Prunus-Peach 'Cold Hardy Flamin' Fury' F Prunus-Peach F Prunus-Plum F Prunus-Plum 'Bubblegum Plum' aka 'Toka' F Prunus-Plum F Prunus-Plum F Pyrus 'Kieffer' F Pyrus F Pyrus 'Hosui' F Pyrus F Pyrus F Pyrus 'Clapp's Favorite' F Pyrus 'Moonglow' Fagus sylvatica Fagus sylvatica 'Purpurea Pendula' Fagus sylvatica 'Riversii' Fagus sylvatica 'Roseo-Marginata' 'Lynnwood Gold' Fothergilla 'Mt. Airey' Fothergilla Genista Gleditsia triacanthos var. inermis Thornless Gymnocladus dioicus sp. Coffeetree Halesia carolina sp. Silverbell Hamamelis mollis 2023 Page 7 'Temple of Bloom' Seven-son-Flower Multi-Stemmed Hibiscus Rose of Sharon Pink Double Hydrangea Hydrangea Climbing Hydrangea 'Annabelle' Hydrangea Hydrangea N Hydrangea Smooth White Hydrangea 'Cardinal Red' Hydrangea Big Leafed Shrub Hydrangea 'Dbl Delights Wedding Gown' Hydrangea Hydrangea Hydrangea Hydrangea 'Teller Blue' Hydrangea Hydrangea 'Teller Red' Hydrangea Hydrangea 'Zorro' Hydrangea Hydrangea 'Pink Diamond Offspring' Hydrangea Hydrangea 'Pink Diamond' Hydrangea Hydrangea 'Snow Queen' N Hydrangea Hydrangea Hydrangea Mountain St. John's Wort 'Drops of Gold' Holly 'Sky Pencil' Holly Japanese Columnar 'Afterglow' N Holly 'Berry Heavy Gold' N Holly 'Southern Gentleman' Holly 'Winter Gold' (F/M) N Holly 'Winter Red' N Holly 'Blue Prince' Holly Blue Male 'Blue Princess' Holly Blue Female 'Honey Maid' Holly 'Mademoiselle' Holly Female Red New Growth N Butternut/White Walnut White N Walnut Black Walnut English/Carpathian 'Angelica Blue' Juniper Chinese Blue Shrub 'Old Gold' Juniper Juniper Variegated Hollywood N Juniper Common Upright N Juniper Blue Creeping Heptacodium miconiodes syriacus 'Danica Rose' anomala petiolaris sp. arborescens Smooth Hortensia arborescens sp. macrophylla macrophylla Big Leafed White Hortensia macrophylla 'Nikko Blue' Big Leaf Blue Hortensia macrophylla Big Leafed Blue Lacecap macrophylla Big Leafed Red Lacecap macrophylla Big Leafed Compact Blue Lacecap paniculata Panicle White Pink paniculata Panicle White Pink quercifolia Oakleaf serrata 'Preziosa' Hypericum calycinum sp. Aaronsbeard Ilex crenata Japanese Dwarfy Gold Ilex crenata Ilex verticillata Winterberry-F Ilex verticillata Winterberry-F Ilex verticillata Winterberry Male Ilex verticillata Winterberry--M and F Ilex verticillata Winterberry-F Ilex x meservae Ilex x meservae Ilex x meservae Female Varieg. Foliage Ilex x meservae Juglans cinerea sp. Juglans nigra sp. Juglans regia sp. Juniperus chinensis Juniperus chinensis Dwarfy Gold Shrub Juniperus chinensis 'Torulosa Variegata' Juniperus communis 'Kalebab' Juniperus horizontalis 'Blue Rug' ('Wiltonii') 2023 Page 8 N Juniper Improved Blue Rug 'Mother Lode' N Juniper Gold Creeper Juniper Japanese Garden 'Wichita Blue' N Juniper Upright Blue Foliage 'Blue Star' Juniper Blue Mounding Juniper Blue Horizontal Yellow Tips 'Grey Owl' N Juniper Blue Low Shrub N Juniper Golden Broad Pyramid Larch European Weeping-High Graft 'Rainbow' N Variegated Foliage N Bronze Foliage Privet Yellow Leaved N Native N Poplar Tulip 'Major Wheeler' Honeysuckle Climbing Orange Flower Honeysuckle Shrub Honeysuckle Climbing Red Flower Magnolia 'Water Lily' Magnolia Star Magnolia x Magnolia Pink Flower x 'Royal Raindrop' Red Flower Dark Foliage Sargent White Redwood Dawn Cypress Siberian N Mulberry Red N Bayberry Northern Male/Female N Native N Creeper Virginia N Mock Orange Sweet 'Blizzard' N Mock Orange Dwarf Spruce Golden Norway 'Cobra' Spruce Weeping Norway Spruce Weeping Blue Norway Spruce Weeping Blue Norway 'Little Gem' Spruce Norway Dwarf Nest Spruce Dwarf Nest Juniperus horizontalis 'Icee Blue' Juniperus horizontalis Juniperus procumbens 'Nana' Juniperus scopulorum Juniperus squamata Juniperus squamata 'Holger' Juniperus virginiana Juniperus virginiana 'Marcell's Gold' Larix decidua 'Pendula' Leucothoe fontanesiana Leucothoe Leucothoe fontanesiana 'Scarletta' Leucothoe Ligustrum x vicaryi 'Golden Vicaryi' Lindera benzoin sp. Spicebush Liriodendron tulipifera sp. Lonicera sempervirens Lonicera xylosteum sp. Lonicera x heckrottii 'Dropmore Scarlet' stellata 'Leonard Messel' Malus Crabapple Malus x sargentii sp. Crabapple Metasequoia glyptostroboides sp. Microbiota decussata sp. Morus rubra sp. Myrica pennsylvanica sp. Oxydendron arboreum sp. Sourwood Parthenocissus quinquifolia sp. Philadelphus coronarius sp. Philadelphus lewisii Picea abies 'Aurea' Picea abies Picea abies 'Formaneck' Picea abies 'Glauca Pendula' Picea abies Picea abies 'Nidiformis' 2023 Page 9 Spruce Weeping Norway Spruce Norway Spruce Dwarf Alberta 'Rainbow's End' N Spruce Dwarf Gold Alberta N Spruce White Spruce Serbian Spruce Oriental Golden Spruce Oriental Narrow Spruce Oriental Compact Spruce Oriental Dark Foliage Spruce Oriental N Spruce Colorado Blue N Spruce Colorado Blue Dwarf N Spruce Colorado Blue 'Fat Albert' N Spruce Colorado Blue Dwarf N Spruce Colorado Blue Globe--On Standard N Spruce Colorado Select Blue Andromeda Japanese Compact 'Mountain Fire' Andromeda Japanese N Pine Pine Pine Japanese White N Pine Weeping White 'Sea Urchin' N Pine White Very Dwarf N Pine Eastern White Pine Himalayan N Sycamore American + Vine Silver Lace N Plum Chickasaw Cherry Sweet N Cherry Black Cherry Pink Weeping Cherry Japanese Pink Weeping Cherry Weeping Pink Cherry Picea abies 'Pendula' Picea abies sp. Picea glauca 'Conica' Picea glauca Picea glauca sp. Picea omorika sp. Picea orientalis 'Aureospicata' Picea orientalis 'Gowdy' Picea orientalis 'Gracilis' Picea orientalis 'Nigra Compacta' Picea orientalis sp. Picea pungens 'Foxtail' Picea pungens 'Sester's Dwarf' Picea pungens sp. Picea pungens glauca Picea pungens glauca 'Globosa'--High Graft Picea pungens glauca sp. Pieris japonica 'Dorothy Wycoff' Pieris japonica Pinus aristata sp. Bristlecone Pinus mugo 'Mughus' Mugo Pinus parviflora 'Glauca' Pinus strobus 'Pendula' Pinus strobus Pinus strobus sp. Pinus wallichiana 'Zebrinus' Platanus occidentalis sp. Polyganatum aubertii sp. Prunus angustifolia sp. Prunus avium sp. Prunus serotina sp. Prunus subhertilla 'Pendula' Prunus subhertilla 'Pendula'--5.5' Standard Prunus subhertilla 'Pendula'--Low Graft-3' Prunus x yedoensis sp. Yoshino 2023 Page 10 N Oak White N Oak Swamp White N Oak Bur N Oak Pin N Oak Northern Red European 'Fine Line' Rhododendron N Rhododendron Native Rhododendron Hybrid LL N Rhododendron White Rhododendron Hybrid LL N Rhododendron Orchid Pink Rhododendron Hybrid LL N Rhododendron Clear Pink Rhododendron Hybrid LL 'Holden' N Rhododendron Dark Pink Rhododendron Hybrid LL Rhododendron Pink White Yak Rhododendron Hybrid LL 'Lee's Dark Purple' N Rhododendron Dark Lav/Purple Rhododendron Hybrid LL 'Lemon Ice' N Rhododendron White Yellow Throat Rhododendron Hybrid LL N Rhododendron Burgundy/Violet Rhododendron Hybrid LL N Rhododendron Fuchsia Rhododendron Hybrid LL N Rhododendron Rhododendron Hybrid LL N Rhododendron Rose Pink Rhododendron Hybrid LL Rhododendron Pink Flower Rhododendron Hybrid LL Rhododendron Pale Pink Rhododendron Hybrid SL 'Olga' Rhododendron Early Clear Pink Rhododendron Hybrid SL Rhododendron Purple Compact Rhododendron Hybrid SL 'PJM' Rhododendron Early Purple/Lav Rhododendron Hybrid SL 'Towhead' Rhododendron Yellow Small Leaf N Sumac N Currant Golden 'Black Consort' Currant Fruiting Black Gooseberry Fruiting Red Gooseberry Fruiting Red x Hybrid Black Rosa 'First Lady' Rose, Fragrant Pink Rosa 'Purple Prince' Rose, Fragrant Purple Rosa x 'Double Knock-Out Pink' Rose, Shrub Pink Shrub Rosa x 'Double Knock-Out Red' Rose, Shrub Red Shrub Quercus alba sp. Quercus bicolor sp. Quercus macrocarpa sp. Quercus palustris sp. Quercus rubra sp. Rhamnus frangula 'Columnaris' Buckthorn Rhamnus frangula Buckthorn Fernleaf canadense sp. -Rhodora 'Catawabiense Album' 'Catawbiense Boursalt' 'English Roseum' 'Ken Janeck' 'Mim' 'Nova Zembla' 'Roseum Elegans' Pinky Lav 'Roseum Pink' 'Yaku Prince' 'Yaku Princess' 'PJM Compacta' Rhus typhina sp. Staghorn Ribes aureum sp. Ribes nigrum Ribes uva-crispa 'Hinnomaki Red' Ribes uva-crispa 'Pixwell' Ribes Jostaberry Brindabella Brindabella 2023 Page 11 Rosa x 'Drift Peach' Rose, Carpet Peachy Flower Rosa x 'Drift Popcorn' Rose, Carpet Yellow White Flower Rosa x 'Drift Red' Rose, Carpet Red Flower N Raspberry Purple Flowering Willow Japanese Dappled Willow Dwarf Arctic N Elderberry American Elder Black Elder Black 'Lemony Lace' N Elder European N Elder American Scarlet Himalayan N Mountain Ash American Mountain Ash European 'Tor' Large Pink Flower 'Lemon Princess' Yellow Leaf Dwarf 'Little Princess' Green Leaf Pink Japanese Bridal Veil x Hybrid x Variegated Foliage 'Magic Carpet' Colorful New Growth Dwarf Japanese 'Fragrant Fountain' Japanese Weeping 'Marley's Pink' Japanese Weeping Pink Japanese x 'Magic Berry' Pink Berry 'Miss Kim' Lilac Dwarf Korean Lavender 'Ivory Silk' Lilac Japanese Tree Lilac Red-Purple Lilac Lavender 'Dwarf Bright Gold' Yew Golden Japanese x media Yew Mounding x media Yew Pyramidal Rubus odorata sp. Salix integra 'Hakuro Nishiki' Salix purpurea 'Nana' Sambucus canadensis sp. Sambucus nigra 'Samdal' Sambucus nigra 'Samyl' Sambucus racemosa Sambucus pubens sp. Sarcococca hookeriana 'Humilis' Sarcococca Sorbus americana sp. Sorbus aucuparia sp. Spiraea betulifolia Spiraea Birchleaf Spiraea japonica 'Anthony Waterer' Spiraea Spiraea japonica Spiraea Spiraea japonica Spiraea Spiraea nipponicum 'Snowmound' Spiraea Spiraea prunifolia sp. Spiraea Spiraea 'Spiraea Double Play Blue Kazoo' Spiraea Spiraea 'Variegated Goldmound' Spiraea Spiraea x bumalda Spiraea Stewartia pseudocamellia sp. Stewartia Styrax japonicus Snowbell Styrax japonicus Snowbell Styrax japonicus sp. Snowbell Symphiocarpos Coralberry Syringa patula Syringa reticulata Syringa vulgaris 'Ludwig Spaeth' Syringa vulgaris 'President Grevy' Taxus cuspidata Taxus 'Densiformis' Taxus 'Hicksii' 2023 Page 12 Arborvitae Korean Prostrate N Arborvitae American Globe N Arborvitae American Pyramidal 'Emerald Green' N Arborvitae American Pyramidal N Arborvitae American Narrow Pyramidal N Arborvitae 'Golden Emerald' N Arborvitae American Golden Pyramidal N Arborvitae American Globe 'Little Giant' N Arborvitae Dwarf Globe 'Mr. Bowling Ball' N Arborvitae Dwarf Globe N Arborvitae American Pyramidal 'Sherwood Frost' N Arborvitae 'Tom Thumb' N Arborvitae American Globe 'Green Giant' N Arborvitae Western 'Spring Grove' N Arborvitae Compact 'Whipcord' N Arborvitae N Arborvitae Western Cedar Cedar N Linden, Basswood American N Hemlock Canadian Golden Dwarf N Hemlock Canadian Dwarf N Hemlock Canadian White New Growth 'Cole's Prostrate' N Hemlock Weeping Creeping N Hemlock Canadian Dwarf White Tipped N Hemlock Canadian Weeping N Hemlock Canadian N + Blueberry N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting 'Chandler' N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting 'Duke' N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting 'Elliott' N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting 'Jersey' N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting Thuja koraensis 'Glauca Prostrata' Thuja occidentalis 'Danica' Thuja occidentalis 'Elegantissima' Thuja occidentalis Thuja occidentalis 'Emerald Spire' aka Degroots Thuja occidentalis 'Filiformis' American Mounding Threadleaf Thuja occidentalis Thuja occidentalis 'Hetz Midget' Thuja occidentalis Thuja occidentalis Thuja occidentalis 'Nigra' Thuja occidentalis Compact White Varieg. Thuja occidentalis Thuja plicata Thuja plicata Thuja plicata Threadleaf Thuja plicata sp. Thujopsis dolobrata 'Variegata' Deerhorn Variegated Thujopsis dolobrata sp. Deerhorn Tilia americana sp. Tsuga canadensis 'Aurea Compacta' Tsuga canadensis 'Burkett's Dwarf' Tsuga canadensis 'Burkett's White Tip' Tsuga canadensis Tsuga canadensis 'Gentsch White' Tsuga canadensis 'Sargentii Pendula' Tsuga canadensis sp. Vaccinium angustifolium sp. Lowbush Vaccinium corymbosum 'Bluecrop' Vaccinium corymbosum 'Blueray' Vaccinium corymbosum Vaccinium corymbosum Vaccinium corymbosum 'Earliblue' Vaccinium corymbosum Vaccinium corymbosum 2023 Page 13 'Legacy' N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting 'Patriot' N Blueberry Domestic Fruiting N Blueberry N Cranberry Viburnum N Viburnum Maple Leaf Viburnum 'Sugar and Spice' Viburnum Fragrant Pink Viburnum N Viburnum Viburnum 'Blue Muffin' N Viburnum Viburnum N Viburnum Viburnum 'Tandoori Orange' Viburnum Linden Viburnum Viburnum Linden Viburnum N Viburnum Viburnum N Viburnum Viburnum 'Shasta' Viburnum Viburnum 'Summer Snowflake' Viburnum Viburnum Viburnum Prague Viburnum Viburnum Viburnum Viburnum Cranberry Viburnum x Viburnum Fragrant Viburnum Viburnum N Grape Wild Fox 'Catawba' Grape Seeded Red 'Niagara' Grape Seeded White 'Dark Horse' Pink Fl/Var. Fol. Shrub 'Golden Rainbow' 'Minuet' Miniature 'Shining Sensation' Improved 'White Knight' White Flowered 'Wine and Roses' Burgundy Foliage Wisteria 'Amethyst Falls' N Wisteria American Wisteria 'Royal Purple' N Wisteria American Wisteria 'Blue Moon' N + Wisteria Kentucky N Native Vaccinium corymbosum Vaccinium corymbosum 'Northland' Vaccinium corymbosum Vaccinium corymbosum sp. Native Highbush Vaccinium macrocarpon sp. Lowbush acerifolium sp. carlesi cassinoides sp. Hobblebush dentatum Arrowwood dentatum sp. Arrowwood dilatatum dilatatum sp. nudum 'Brandywine' Possumhaw nudum 'Winterthur' Possumhaw plicatum tomentosum Doublefile plicatum tomentosum Doublefile Rebloooming pragense sp. rhytidiphyllum sp. Leatherleaf trilobum sp. 'Juddii Select' x rhytidiphyllum 'Alleghany' Leatherleaf Vitis labrusca sp. Vitis lambrusca Vitis lambrusca Weigela florida Weigela Dwarf Burgundy Lf Shrub Weigela florida 'French Lace' aka 'Brigela' Weigela Weigela florida Weigela Vareigated Foliage Weigela florida Weigela Weigela florida Weigela Weigela florida Weigela Weigela florida Weigela fruitescens fruitescens macrostachya Xanthorhiza simplissima sp. Yellowroot


2022 Page 1 Botanical name Cultivar Common Plant Name Color/Description NEW Native 'New Vintage Red' Yarrow Cherry Red Flower 'New Vintage Violet' Yarrow Violet Flower 'Paprika' Yarrow Orange/Red Flower 'Pomegranate' Yarrow Red Flower 'Little Moonshine' Yarrow Dwarf Yellow Gray Foliage 'Moonshine' Yarrow Tall Yellow Gray Foliage Monkshood Blue 'White One Edge' White One Stripe Dwarf Black N 'Chocoholic' Yummy Brown Variegated 'Kudos Coral' Mint, Hummingbird Coral Pink Flower 'Kudos Mandarin' Mint, Hummingbird Orange Flower 'Black Scallop' Dark Leaf Green 'Thriller' Lady's Mantle Japanese Lady's Mantle Common Garlic Domestic Garden Onion Wild Garlic Chives Garden--Thin & Broad Leaf Ramp, Leek, Onion Native N Onion Ornamental Arkansas N 'Blue Ice' Hybrid Anemone Japanese Anemone Rue Anemone x Anemone Hybrid Anemone x Fantasy 'Red Riding Hood' Anemone Hybrid Dark Pink Columbine, Mountain Yellow Flower N 'Sun King' Japanese Yellow Wild N Jack in the Pulpit Native N 'Silver King' Sagebrush White Achillea millefolium Achillea millefolium Achillea millefolium Achillea millefolium Achilllea x Achilllea x Aconitum carmichaelii 'Arendsii' Acorus gramineus 'Ogon' Sweetflag Yel./White Var.Fol., Dwarf Acorus gramineus Sweetflag Actaea racemosa sp. Snakeroot, Cohosh Actaea x Bugbane Aegopodium podagraria 'Variegatus' Goutweed Agastache x Agastache x Ajuga reptans Bugleweed Ajuga reptans sp. Bugleweed Alchemilla mollis Alchemilla mollis sp. Allium canadense sp. Allium sativum sp. Allium schoenoprasm sp. Allium tricoccum sp. Allium x 'Millenium' Amsonia hubrechtii sp. Bluestar Amsonia tabernaemontana Bluestar Anemone huphensis sp. Anemone quinquefolia sp. 'Elegans' Aquilegia canadensis 'Corbett' Aralia cordata Spikenard Aralia nudicaulis sp. Sarsparilla Arisaema triphyllum sp. Artemesia ludoviciana 2022 Page 2 Dwarf Non-Dwarf N Ginger N Ginger Wild N Ginger European Milkweed Swamp N Milkweed Common N Butterfly Weed Orange Weed N Butterfly Weed Native Orange N 'Jersey Knight' Asparagus Giant Asparagus Improved 'Sweet Purple' Asparagus Purple Aster White Wood 'Wood's Blue' Aster Lavender N 'Wood's Pink' Aster Pink N 'Purple Dome' Aster Purple Aster Red-Pink N Aster New York N Aster Small Fl. White (Bushy) N Aster Small Fl. White (Bushy) N 'Amethyst' Tall Lavender Mid Tall Pink Mid Medium White Early Tall Salmon Pink Late 'Burgundy Red' Burgundy Flowers Medium White Early Medium Red/Burgundy Early Medium Red/Burgundy Early 'Gladstone' Medium White Very Early 'Glow' Tall Deep Pink Mid Medium White Early 'Peach Blossom' Medium Pink Early Medium Clear Pink Early 'White Gloria' Short White Mid 'Green Shogun' Medium Dark Foliage Pink Mid Aruncus aethusifolius sp. Goatsbeard Aruncus dioicus sp. Goatsbeard Asarum arifolium sp. Arrowleaf Asarum canadense sp. Asarum europaeum sp. Asclepias incarnata sp. Asclepias syriaca sp. Asclepias tuberosa sp. Asclepias tuberosa sp. Asparagus officinalis Asparagus officinalis 'Millenium' Asparagus officinalis Aster divaricatus sp. Aster dumosus Aster dumosus Aster nova-angliae Aster nova-angliae Kickin' 'Carmine Red' Aster novae-belgii sp. Aster vimineus sp. Aster vimineus sp. Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Anita Pfiefer' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Brautschleier' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Bressingham Beauty' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Deutschland' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Fanal' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Fanal' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Irrlicht' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Rheinland' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe 2022 Page 3 'Vision in Red' Medium Raspberry Late 'Visions' Medium Pink Late 'Karaoke Party' Medium Blue Pink Mid 'Little Visions in Pink' 'Montgomery' Short Red Mid Medium Soft Pink Mid Medium Clear Pink Late 'Sprite' Short Clear Pink Mid 'Sugarplum' Medium Pink Early Tall Purple Late Short Clear Pink Mid 'Color Flash Lime' Tall Lime Foliage Pink Late 'Color Flash' Tall Red Sport Foliage Pink Late 'Delft Lace' Tall Dark Foliage Apricot Pink Mid 'Ellie' Short White Late 'Erika' Tall Light Pink Mid 'Maggie Daley' Tall Purple Mid Short Crimson Mid Mid Light Pink Early 'Chocolate Shogun' Brown Foliage Indigo, False Native 'Royal Purple' Indigo, False Hybrid Purple Flower 'Spring Fling' Saxifrage Pink Flower Siberian 'Sea Heart' Round Leaf Blue White Canterbury Bells Blue Serbian Cut-Leaf N Sedge Appalachian Sedge Emory's N 'Blue Zinger' Sedge Blue 'Ice Dance' Sedge White Variegated Dwarf Astilbe chinensis 'Purpurkerze' Astilbe Slightly shorter than Purpkze. Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Chinese Dwarf Pink Impr Astilbe japonica Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia 'Eden's Odyseus' Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia 'Hennie Graafland' Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia Astilbe Astilbe taquetii 'Superba Offspring' Astilbe Astilbe x 'Carnea' Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x 'Younique Ruby Red' Astilbe Astilbe x 'Younique Silvery Pink' Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Baptisia australis sp. Baptisia x Bergenia Brunnera macrophylla sp. Bugloss Brunnera x Bugloss Campanula carpatica 'Rapido Blue' Bellflower Campanula carpatica 'Rapido White' Bellflower Campanula medium sp. Campanula poscharskyana sp. Bellflower Cardamine concatenata sp. Toothwort Carex appalachia sp. Carex emoryi sp. Carex flacca Carex morrowi 2022 Page 4 Sedge Lime Green Foliage Mt. Bluet N Blue Purple Clematis, Mountain White Clematis, Mountain Pink Clematis, Sweet Autumn Late Small White 'Princess Diana' Clematis Small Flower Pink Clematis Purple White Stripe Clematis x Clematis Candy Pink Single Clematis x 'Crystal Fountain' Clematis Double Blue Clematis x Clematis Double White Clematis x Clematis Improved Purple Clematis x 'Rhapsody' Clematis Dark Blue White Center Clematis x 'Rosalie' Clematis Spider Flower Pink Lily-of-the-Valley Coastal 'Gold Standard' Tall 'Electric Avenue' 'Zagreb' 'Enchanted Eve' Large Flowers 'Red Elf' Dwarf Red Flower 'Super Star' 'Gold Nugget' Ice Plant Yellow Flower Ice Plant Pink Flower Wheels of Wonder 'Violet Wonder'Ice Plant Purple/White Flower 'Frosty Fire' Carmine Red 'Cherry Pie Bright Red 'Georgia Peach Pie' Apricot-Pink Flower 'Bacchanal' Bleeding Heart N 'Luxuriant' Bleeding Heart N 'Alba' Bleeding Heart Old Fashioned White 'Gold Heart' Bleeding Heart Yellow Foliage 'Valentine' Bleeding Heart Red Flower Carex x oshimensis 'Everillo' Centaurea montana sp. Perenn. Bachelor Button Ceratostigma plumbaginoides sp. Plumbago, Leadwort Chelone obliqua sp. Turtlehead Clematis montana 'Grandiflora' Clematis montana 'Mayleen' Clematis paniculata sp. Clematis texensis Clematis viticella 'Venosa Violacea' 'Comtesse de Bouchard' 'Duchesse of Edinburgh' 'Jackmanii Superba' Bicolor Deep Pink Cleome hassleriana sp. Convallaria majalis sp. Groundcover Coreopsis gladiata sp. Tickseed Coreopsis tripteris Tickseed Coreopsis verticillata Tickseed Threadleaf Improved Coreopsis verticillata Tickseed Threadleaf Dark Yellow Coreopsis x Tickseed Coreopsis x Tickseed Coreopsis x Tickseed Large Bicolor Flower Delosperma congesta Delosperma cooperi sp. Delosperma x Dianthus x Dianthus,Pinks Dianthus x Dianthus,Pinks Dianthus x Dianthus,Pinks Dicentra formosa Fernleaf Rose Dicentra formosa Fernleaf Pink Dicentra spectabilis Dicentra spectabilis Dicentra spectabilis 2022 Page 5 Bleeding Heart Old Fashioned Pink 'Mixed' Foxglove Biennial Prairie N 'Kim's Knee High' Compact Pink N Purple Native N 'Butterfly Kisses' Mauve Pink Large Cone 'Salsa Red' Red 'Delicious Candy' Hot Pink Large Cone N 'Fiery Meadow Mama' Red Center Yellow Petal 'Hot Papaya' Red-Orange Double 'Orange Skipper' Tangerine Orange N 'Pow Wow White' Large White Flower 'Raspberry Truffle' Double Dark Pink N 'Yellow Rainbow Marcella' Big Sky 'Sundown' Red Orange Single N Double Scoop 'Cranberry' Dark Red Double Flower Double Scoop 'Mandarin' Dark Orange Double Flower N Kismet 'Intense Orange' Fiery Orange Single N Kismet 'Red' Bright Red Single N Kismet 'White' White Improved Single 'Pink Elf' Pink Flower Reddish Fol, Crimson/White Ageratum N Pink N 'Gateway' Slightly Compact N White N Fern Maidenhair N 'Lady in Red' Fern Lady N Fern Lady N 'Ghost' Fern Japanese Painted Fern Japanese Painted 'Pearly White' Japanese Painted Fern White Highlights Fern Japanese Painted Fern Japanese Painted 'Ursula's Red' Fern Japanese Painted w/ red Dicentra spectabilis sp. Digitalis purpurea Echinacea paradoxa sp. Coneflower Echinacea purpurea Coneflower Echinacea purpurea sp. Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Yellow Pink Bicolor Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Epimedium grandiflorum Barrenwort, Goatweed Epimedium rubrum sp. Barrenwort, Goatweed Eupatorium coelastinum sp. Blue Mistflower Eupatorium maculatum sp. Joe Pye Weed Eupatorium maculatum Joe Pye Weed Eupatorium rugosum sp. Snakeroot F Adiantum pedatum sp. F Athyrium felix-femina F Athyrium felix-femina sp. F Athyrium nippon. x felix f. F Athyrium nipponicum 'Metallicum' (aka 'Pictum') F Athyrium nipponicum F Athyrium nipponicum sp. F Athyrium nipponicum sp. F Athyrium nipponicum 2022 Page 6 Fern Hay-Scented N 'Brilliance' Fern Autumn Brilliance Fern Robust Male N Fern Male N Fern N Fern Wood N Fern Ostrich N Fern Sensitive N Fern Cinnamon N Fern N Fern Royal N Fern N Fern Christmas N Fern New York N Pink N Black Foliage N Grass, Feather Reed Upright Grass, Northern Sea Oats Native N 'Blue Dune' Grass, Dune Blue Lyme N 'Elijah Blue' Standard Blue 'All Gold' Grass, Japanese Forest Yellow Grass, Japanese Forest Striped Grass, Blue Oat Blue Foliage 'Little Zebra' Grass, Maiden Baby Porcupine 'Morning Light' Grass, Maiden Variegated 'Adagio' Grass, Maiden Dwarf Grass, Maiden Narrow Blade Grass, Maiden Purple Fall Color 'Rigoletto' Grass, Maiden Variegated 'Prairie Sky' Grass, Switch Very Blue N Grass, Fountain Dwarf Grass, Fountain Black Plume Flowers 'Red Head' Grass, Fountain Red Plume Flowers Grass, Fountain Red Annual Grass, Ribbon White Variegated F Dennstaidtia punctuloba sp. F Dryopteris erythosora F Dryopteris filix-mas 'Undulata Robusta' F Dryopteris filix-mas sp. F Dryopteris marginalis sp. Leatherwood F Dryopteris spinulosa sp. F Matteuccia struthiopteris sp. F Onoclea sensibilis sp. F Osmunda cinnamomea sp. F Osmunda claytoniana sp. Interupted F Osmunda regalis sp. F Polypodium vulgare sp. Common Polypody F Polysticum acrostichoides sp. F Thelypteris novaboracensis sp. Filipendula rubra 'Venusta' Meadowsweet G Andropogon gerardii 'Blackhawks' Grass, Big Bluestem G Calamagrostis acutiflora x 'Karl Foerster' G Chasmanthium latifolium sp. G Elymus arenarius G Festuca ovina glauca Grass, Fescue G Hakonechloa macra G Hakonechloa macra 'Aureola' G Helictotrichon sempervirens sp. G Miscanthus sinensis G Miscanthus sinensis G Miscanthus sinensis G Miscanthus sinensis 'Gracillimus' G Miscanthus sinensis 'Purpurescens' G Miscanthus sinensis G Panicum virgatum G Pennisetum alopecuroides 'Hameln' G Pennisetum alopecuroides 'Moudry' G Pennisetum alopecuroides G Pennisetum setaceum 'Rubrum' G Phalaris arundinacea 'Picta' 2022 Page 7 Grass, Autumn Moor Native N 'Goblin' Blanket Flower Red/Yellow Edge Snowdrops Bulbs Sweet Pink Pink Wild N Dwarf Large Pink Flowers Geranium x 'Espresso' Brown Leaved Wild Geranium x Lavender Blue Orange Horseradish Tasty Herb Fennel-Bronze Herb Lavender, Hybrid Herb Lavender, English Herb Lavender, English 'Super Blue' Herb Lavender, English 'Platinum Blonde' Herb Lavender, Variegated 'Phenomenal' Herb Lavender, Hybrid Herb Herb Herb Lemon Balm Herb Mint, Peppermint 'Chocolate' Herb Mint 'Strawberry' Herb Mint, Strawberry Herb Spearmint 'Little Titch' Herb 'Junior Walker' Herb Herb Marjoram 'Hot and Spicy' Herb Oregano 'Honey Melon' Herb-Annual Sage-Honey Melon Pineapple Herb Sage-Culinary Herb Sage-Golden Variegated G Sesleria autumnalis sp. Gaillardia x grandiflora Galanthus nivalis sp. Galium odoratum sp. Woodruff Geranium cantabrigiense 'Biokova' Geranium, Cranesbill Geranium cantabrigiense 'Biokovo Karmina' Geranium, Cranesbill Geranium macrorrhizum 'Bevan's Variety' Geranium, Cranesbill Bigroot Geranium maculatum sp. Geranium, Cranesbill Geranium sanguineum 'Max Frei' Cranesbill, Bloody Geranium striatum 'Lancastriense' Geranium, Cranesbill Geranium, Cranesbill 'Rozanne' Geranium, Cranesbill Geum coccineum 'Borisii' Avens H Armoracia rusticana sp. H Foeniculum vulgare 'Purpureum' H Lavandin x intermedia 'Grosso' H Lavandula angustifolia 'Hidcote' H Lavandula angustifolia 'Munstead' H Lavandula angustifolia H Lavandula angustifolium H Lavandula x H Levisticum officinale sp. Lovage H Levisticum officinale sp. Lovage H Melissa officinalis sp. H Mentha piperita sp. H Mentha spicata H Mentha spicata H Mentha spicata sp. H Nepeta racemosa Catmint, Dwarf H Nepeta x faasinii Catmint, Dwarf H Origanum marjorana sp. H Origanum vulgare H Salvia elegans H Salvia officinalis 'Berggarten' H Salvia officinalis 'Icterina' 2022 Page 8 Herb Sage-Purple 'Tricolor' Herb Sage – Variegated Herb- Annual Herb Herb 'Silver Edge' Herb Thyme-Silver 'Golden Variegated' Herb Thyme-Golden Lemon 'Golden' Herb Thyme 'Lemon' Herb Thyme-Lemon Variegated 'Lime' Herb Thyme-Lime Variegated Ivy---Sold by Flat Only Baltic--50/flat Mariachi 'Siesta' Red Flower Native N Sunflower Woodland N 'Mixed Hybrids' Lenten Rose Rose Pink White Mix Orange 'Arctic Snow' White/Pale Pink Tall Early 'Arctic Snow' White/Pale Pink Tall Early Short Pink-Yellow Mid Short Pink-Yellow Mid 'Big Time Happy' 'Chicago Apache' Med. Fiery Red, Ruffled Mid Med. Lav., Purple Halo Mid 'Chicago Cherry' Med. Bright Red Mid 'Chicago Knockout' Med. Deep Plum Mid 'Chicago Rainbow' 'Chicago Sunrise' Med. Yell.-Orange Mid 'Double Firecracker' Med. Double Red Mid 'Evening Gown' Med. Lt. Or. Melon Late 'Fire and Fog' 'Fragrant Returns' Fragrant Yellow Repeat 'Frosted Vintage Ruffles' Med. Peachy Pink Ruffle 'Happy Returns' Canary Yellow Short Repeat 'Hyperion' Tall Yellow Flower H Salvia officinalis 'Purpurea' H Salvia officinalis H Stevia rebaudiana sp. Stevia H Symphytum officiale sp. Comfrey, Common Blue H Symphytum x uplandicum sp. Comfrey, White Russian H Thymus serphyllum H Thymus x citriodorus H Thymus x citriodorus H Thymus x citriodorus H Thymus x citriodorus Hedera helix sp. Helenium autumnale Sneezeweed Helenium autumnale sp. Sneezeweed Helianthus strumosus sp. Helleborus orientalis x Hemerocallis fulva sp. Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Bama Music' Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Bama Music' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Med. Yellow Mid Rebloom Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Chicago Cattleya' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Med. CandyPinkCreamRib Early Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Med. Orange Red Halo Rblm Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Frans Hals' Daylily Red Yellow Bicolor Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily 2022 Page 9 'Indian Paintbrush' Tall Tangerine Mid 'Joan Senior' 'Jungle Beauty' 'Macbeth' Med Mauve Purple Mid 'Mini Pearl' 'Nile Crane' Med. Large Lavender Mid 'Pandora's Box' Short Cream Maroon Mid 'Pardon Me' Short Burgundy Red Repeat Short Purple Repeat Med Ruffle Plum Purple Mid 'Red Magic' Short Red-Rust Mid Med Apricot Pink Mid 'Startle' Med. Red Ruffled Mid Liverwort Sharp Lobed Whitish Flower N 'Plum Pudding' Coral Bells Plum Pudding Color Pink Coral Bells Green Mottled Foliage 'Blackout' Coral Bells Black Foliage 'Caramel' Coral Bells Orange Foliage 'Berry Smoothie' Coral Bells Pink/Red Foliage 'Champagne' Coral Bells Yellow/Apricot Foliage 'Fire Alarm' Coral Bells Bright Red Foliage 'Forever Purple' Coral Bells Bright Purple Foliage 'Georgia Peach' Coral Bells Peachy Red Foliage 'Guacamole' Coral Bells Limy Green 'Obsidian' Coral Bells Black Foliage 'Paprika' Coral Bells Orange Foliage 'Stainless Steel' Coral Bells Silver Foliage 'Timeless Orange' Coral Bells Orange Foliage Carnival 'Black Olive' Coral Bells Black Foliage Carnival 'Peach Parfait' Coral Bells Peach/Pink/Red Foliage Little Cuties 'Blondie' Coral Bells 'Carnival Watermelon' Coral Bells 'Honey Rose' Foamy Bells Amber Foliage Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Short Cream White Rebloom Hemerocallis x Daylily Med. Dk. Purple Mid Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Short Apricot Pink Rebloom Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Pigmy Pirate' Daylily Med. Crimson Rebloom Hemerocallis x 'Purple D'Oro' Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Purplelicious' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Spacecoast Early Bird' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Stella D' Oro' Daylily Short Yellow-Gold Rebloom Hepatica acutiloba sp. Heuchera micanthra Heuchera sanguinea Heuchera villosa Heuchera villosa Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Orange Foliage/Yellow Flr Heuchera x Orangy Leaf Heucherella x 2022 Page 10 'Plum Cascade' Foamy Bells Purple/Silver Foliage 'Stoplight' Foamy Bells Yellow/Red Foliage Med Ruffled White Margin 'Gold Standard' Med Gold Center Green Margin Fragrant August Lily 'Children of Frances Williams' Lg Various Morphology 'Frances Williams' Lg Yellow Margin Blue Quilted 'Halcyon' SALE Sm Blue Margin Green Sm Spreading White Center Blue Quilted Cupped Foliage 'August Moon' 'Beach Boy' Med Yellow Stripe Foliage 'Big Daddy' 'Black Hills' 'Blue Angel' 'Blue Cadet' 'Blue Moon' Sm Pointed Blue 'Blue Mouse Ears' 'Blue Shadows' 'Blue Umbrellas' 'Brim Cup' Sm Broad Cream Edge 'Captain Kirk Sm Yellow Stripe Blue 'Earth Angel' Lg Blue Cream Margin 'Fire & Ice' 'Fire Island' Sm Lime Green Foliage Red Stem Med Broad White Edge 'First Frost' Med Blue Yellow Margin 'Fragrant Bouquet' Lg White Margin Lime Green Heucherella x Heucherella x Hosta fortunei 'Albo-Marginata' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta fortunei 'Aureo-Marginata' Hosta, Plantain Lily Med Cordate Smooth Yellow Margin Hosta fortunei Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta plantaginea sp. Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta rectifolia var. 'Chionea' Hosta, Plantain Lily Sm Lanceolate White Margin Hosta sieboldiana Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta sieboldiana 'Elegans' Hosta, Plantain Lily Med Lg Glaucous Cordate Hosta sieboldiana Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta tardiana Hosta, Plantain Lily Sm Md Glaucous Cordate Hosta tardiana sp. Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta tokudama 'Flavocircinalis' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta undulata 'Mediovariegata' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta ventricosa sp. Hosta, Plantain Lily Med Lg Green Cordate Hosta x 'Abiqua Drinking Gourd' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Med Lg Lime Green Rugose Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Med Dark Blue Rugose Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Med Dark Green Rugose Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Lg Glaucous Blue Cordate Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Sm Upright Glaucous Blue Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Mini Glaucous Blue Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Med Lg Blue Dark Blue Rugose Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Med Lg Blue Rugose Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Med Rugose Gr Yellow Ctr Hosta x 'Catharine' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Sm Green Edge White Cntr Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x 'Firn Line' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily 2022 Page 11 Med Lg Yellow Lavender Fl 'Glad Rags' Yellow Green Rib 'Golden Tiara' Sm Upright Yellow Margin 'Honey Bells' Lg Grass Green Fragrant 'Josephine' Med Glossy Green Yellow M 'June' Tall Blue 'Minuteman' 'Patriot' Sm White Center 'Regal Splendor' Tall Blue Yellow Margin Tall Round Blue Yellow Margin 'Stained Glass' 'Sum and Substance' Very Large Yellow 'Sum of All' Very Large Yellow Margin 'Twilight' Lg Leaves Cream Margin 'Wide Brim' Large Yellow Margin Improved Evergreen White Improved Iris Crested Dwarf 'Powder Blue Giant' Iris, Dwarf Large Flowers N Iris, Japanese White/Purple 'Dusky Challenger' Iris, Bearded Dark Purple Iris, Sweet Variegated Iris Native Blue 'Thunder and Lightning' Widow Flower Variegated 'Herman's Pride' Dead Nettle Variegated Clumping Dead Nettle Green/Yellow Fol. 'Purple Dragon' Dead Nettle Purple Flower 'Red Nancy' Dead Nettle Gr./Silver Fol./Red Flower 'Becky' Daisy Shasta Daisy Purple 'Britt-Marie Crawford' Leopard Plant 'Othello' Leopard Plant Burgundy Fol., Gold Flower Hosta x 'Francee' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x 'Hadspen's Blue' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Med Glaucous Blue Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Med Blue Margin Yel Ctr Hosta x 'Krossa Regal' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Dk Green White Margin Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x 'Sagae' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Yellow/Green Margin Rugose Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Iberis x 'Snowsation' Candytuft Iberis x Candytuft Iris cristata sp. Iris cristata Iris ensata 'Nessa No Mai' Iris germanica Iris pallida 'Aureovariegata' Iris versicolor sp. Knautia macedonia Lamiastrum galeobdolon Lamiastrum galeobdolon 'Variegatum' Lamium maculatum Lamium maculatum Leucanthemum superbum Leucanthemum vulgare sp. Oxeye Liatris spicata 'Floristan Violet' Gayfeather, Liatris Ligularia dentata Improved Burgundy Yel Fl Ligularia dentata 2022 Page 12 'Little Golden Ray' Leopard Plant Dwarf 'The Rocket' Leopard Plant Green Leaf 'Matrix' Lily, Asiatic Dwarf Bright Red 'Sugar Love' Lily, Asiatic Lily, Asiatic Bright Yellow Dwarf Lily, Asiatic Red-Purple Lily, Oriental Pure White 'Stargazer' Lily, Oriental Pink Flower Lily, Oriental Double Dark Pink 'Big Blue' Grass 'Black Truffle' Cardinal Flower Black Foliage Cardinal Flower Native Hybrid Rose Hybrid Scarlet Bronze Foliage Money Plant Color of Money Iridescent Rose Creeping Jenny Gold Yellow Mayflower Canada N Bluebells Virginia N Native N 'Balmy Purple' Bee Balm Bright Purple Flower N 'Blue Stocking' Bee Balm Blue-Violet N Bee Balm Tall Red N 'Jacob Cline' Bee Balm Bright Red N Wild N 'Bee Happy' Bee Balm Raspberry Red 'Bee Merry' Bee Balm Coral Pink 'Bee Pretty' Bee Balm Lavender Blue 'Bee-Free' Bee Balm Bright Purple Sugar Buzz 'Cherry Pops' Bee Balm Improved Cherry Red N Moss Moss Native N Red Leafed – SALE Daisy Primrose N Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Lilium x Asiatic Lilium x Asiatic Pink/White Bicolor Lilium x Asiatic Lilylooks 'Tiny Bee' Lilium x Asiatic Lilylooks 'Tiny Ghost' Lilium x Oriental 'Casa Blanca' Lilium x Oriental Lilium x Oriental Roselily 'Isabella' Liriope muscari Mondo Lobelia cardinalis Lobelia cardinalis sp. Lobelia x speciosa 'Starship Deep Rose' Lobelia Lobelia x speciosa 'Starship Scarlet Bronze' Lobelia Lunaria annua sp. Lychnis x coronaria sp. Rose Campion Lysimachia nummularia 'Aurea' Lysimachia punctata sp. Loosestrife Maianthemum canadense sp. Mertensia virginiana sp. Mitchella repens sp. Partidgeberry Monarda didyma Monarda didyma Monarda didyma 'Colrain Red' Monarda didyma Monarda fistulosa sp. Bergamot Monarda x Monarda x Monarda x Monarda x Monarda x sp. Mukdenia rossii 'Karasuba' Mukdenia Nipponanthemum nipponicum sp. Montauk Oenothera tetragona sp. Yellow Sundrop 2022 Page 13 White Spurge Allegheny N Japanese--50/flat 'Pink Double' Peony, Garden Light Pink Double 'Cora Louise' 'Garden Treasure' Golden Yellow Orange White Native N 'Cherry Sparks' Tall Improved Red 'Dark Towers' Pink Flower Brown Foliage 'Red Riding Hood' Red Flower 'Blue Jean Baby' Sage, Russian Compact 'Little Spire' Sage, Russian Dissected Compact 'Clouds of Perfume' Phlox, Woodland Lavender Flower 'Triple Play' Phlox, Smooth Variegated Pink Flower 'Early Pink Candy' Phlox, Garden Pink Flower N 'Laura' Phlox, Garden Purple 'Mixed' Phlox, Garden Summer Lav.,purple,fuchsia N Flame 'White Eye' Phlox, Garden White Pink Eye Phlox, Garden Dwarf Purple Flower Phlox x 'Fashionably Early Flamingo' Phlox, Spreading Tall Pink Phlox x 'Flame Coral' Phlox, Hybrid Coral Red Phlox x 'Minnie Pearl' Phlox, Spreading Short White 'Pink Manners' Obedient Plant Pink Flower N Obedient Plant White Flower Beautiful Native N Balloon Flower Semi-Double Shell Pink 'Sentimental Blue' Balloon Flower Single Blue Balloon Flower Single Blue Wild N 'Stairway to Heaven' Jacob's Ladder Variegated Solomon's Seal Wild N Solomon's Seal Giant N Solomon's Seal Variegated Primrose Burgundy/Yellow Eye Blue, Pink Flower Ornithogalum umbellatum sp. Starflower Pachysandra procumbens sp. Pachysandra terminalis sp. Spurge---SoldFlatOnly Paeonia lactiflora Paeonia x Peony, Itoh Pink/BurgundyEye Paeonia x Peony, Itoh Penstemon digitalis sp. Beardtongue Penstemon x Beardtongue Penstemon x Beardtongue Penstemon x Beardtongue Perovskia atriplicifolia Perovskia atriplicifolia Phlox divaricata Phlox glaberrima Phlox paniculata Phlox paniculata Phlox paniculata Phlox paniculata Phlox paniculata Flame Pro 'Violet Charme' Physostegia virginiana Physostegia virginiana sp. Phytolacca americana sp. Pokeweed Platycodon grandiflorus 'Astra Semi-Double Pink' Platycodon grandiflorus Platycodon grandiflorus sp. Podophyllum peltatum sp. Mayapple Polemonium reptans Polygonatum biflorum sp. Polygonatum biflorum var. commutatum Polygonatum x 'Variegatum' Primula vulgaris sp. Pulmonaria saccharata sp. Lungwort, Beth. Sage 2022 Page 14 Hybrid Cobalt Blue Flower 'Raspberry Splash' Hybrid Dark Pink Flower Mountain Mint Appalachian N Mountain Mint Short Toothed N Rhubarb Garden 'Heritage' Raspberry N Raspberry Black N Blackberry Native N 'Black Satin' Blackberry 'Chester' Blackberry Black Eyed Susan Short Spreading Cut Leaf N 'Prairie Glow' Brown Eyed Susan N Brown Eyed Susan Native N Sage, Meadow Tall Purple 'May Night' Sage, Meadow Compact Purple 'Snow Hill' Sage, Meadow Tall White Native N 'Butterfly Blue' Pincushion Flower Lavender Blue Flower 'Coral Carpet' Red New Growth 'Autumn Fire' Improved Upright Yellow Flowers 'Blue Spruce' 'Angelina' 'October Pink' Blushing Woodland N 'Autumn Joy' 'Lime Spring Carpet' Red Foliage Red Flower Hens and Chicks Black Pot 'Hopewell' Hens and Chicks Green with Red//Gray Pot 'Mixed Varieties' Hens and Chicks Hens and Chicks Red Gray Pot 'Ruby Heart' Hens and Chicks Red Foliage Pulmonaria x 'Trevi Fountain' Lungwort Pulmonaria x longifolia Lungwort Pycnanthemum flexuosum sp. Pycnanthemum muticum sp. Rheum rhabarbarum sp. Rubus idaeus Red Everbearing Rubus occidentalis sp. Rubus pennsylvanica sp. Rubus x Thornless Rubus x Thornless Rudbeckia fuldiga 'Goldsturm' Rudbeckia laciniata Herbstsonne' Rudbeckia Rudbeckia triloba Red-Orange Bicolor Rudbeckia triloba sp. Salvia nemorosa 'Caradonna' Salvia nemorosa Salvia nemorosa Sanguinaria canadensis sp. Bloodroot Scabiosa columbaria Sedum album Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum hylotelephium Sedum, Liver Forever Sedum kamtschaticum 'Weihenstephaner Gold' Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum reflexum Sedum, Stonecrop Blue Stonecrop Sedum rupestre Sedum, Stonecrop Crpg, Gr./Yel/Orange Leaf Sedum sieboldii Sedum, Stonecrop Crpg, Blue Leaf, Pink Flower Sedum stefco sp. Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum ternatum sp. Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum x Sedum, Stonecrop Uprt, Green Leaf, Rose Fl. Sedum x Sedum, Stonecrop Crpg, Green Leaf, Yellow Fl. Sedum x SunSparkler 'Dazzleberry' Sedum, Stonecrop Sempervivum tectorum 'Bedivere' Sempervivum tectorum Sempervivum tectorum Sempervivum tectorum 'Rubicundrum' Sempervivum tectorum 2022 Page 15 'Black' Hens and Chicks Black Rosettes Blue Eyed Grass Native N Grass Pale Yellow Eyed Grass Blue Eyed N False Solomon's Seal Native N Goldenrod Tall N Goldenrod Blue Stemmed N Goldenrod Sweet N Goldenrod Rough Stemmed N Lamb's Ear Hot Pink Flowers Celandine, Wood Poppy Yellow Flower N Tansy Golden Buttons N Mixed Colors N Toad Lily Purple Spotted Flower Trillium Red N Trillium, Wake Robin White or Snowy N Trillium, Wake Robin Yellow N Purple N Yellow Flower New York N Veronica x 'Royal Candles' Speedwell Purple Flower Periwinkle Plain Green Violet Native Smooth Yellow N Violet Native Sweet White N Strawberry Appalachian Barren N Sensitive Fern Giant Tropical 'African Sunset' 'Australia' Dark Leaf Red Flower 'Bengal Tiger' Striped Gr Leaf Dark Foliage Orange Flower 'Intrigue' Black Leaf Orange Flower 'Outback Sunset' Green Foliage Orange Flower Sedge Greater Pond Sempervivum x Sisrynchium angustifolium sp. Sisrynchium californicum sp. Sisyrinchium angustifolium sp. Smilacina racemosa sp. Solidago altissima sp. Solidago caesia sp. Solidago odora sp. Solidago rugosa sp. Stachys byzantia sp. Stachys x 'Hummelo' Wood Betony Stylophorum diphyllum sp. Tanacetum vulgare sp. Tiarella cordifolia sp. Foamflower White Flwr., Darker Leaf Tradescantia andersoniana sp. Spiderwort Tricyrtis hirta 'Myazaki' Trillium erectum sp. Trillium grandiflorum sp. Trillium luteum sp. Trillium sessile sp. Trillium, Toadshade Uvularia grandiflora sp. Bellwort, Merrybells Vernoniae novaboracensis sp. Ironweed Vinca minor sp. Viola pubescens sp. Viola blanda sp. Waldensteinia fragaroides sp. WP Aeschynomene fluitans sp. WP Canna x Canna Striped Dark Leaf Yl Or Fl WP Canna x Canna WP Canna x Canna WP Canna x 'Burgandy Outback Sunset' Canna WP Canna x Canna WP Canna x Canna WP Carex riparia 'Variegata' 2022 Page 16 'Black Magic' Taro Black Leaf 'Imperial' Taro Imperial-Lime Green w/ Black Taro Lime Green Papyrus Dwarf (Tropical) Papyrus Giant Dwarf (Tropical) Hyacinth Water (Floater) Iris Black Gamecock Iris Yellow Iris Blue Flag N Rush Common N Queen Victoria' Red-Leaved Flower Cardinal (green leaf, red flower) N 'Attraction' Water Lily Deep Pink 'Burgundy Princess' Water Lily Burgundy 'Colorado' Water Lily 'Gladstone' Water Lily White Water Lily Yellow 'Alba' Pickerel Rush White Pickerel Rush Royal Arrowhead Native N Lizard Tail Lizard Tail Cattail Miniature 'Bright Edge' Yucca Variegated Green and Gold 'Color Guard' Yucca Yellow Ctr Green Edge 'Garland's Gold' Yucca Variegated Green and Gold Yucca Variegated Green and Gold WP Colocasia esculenta WP Colocasia esculenta WP Colocasia esculenta 'Mojito' WP Cyperus isocladus sp. WP Cyperus papyrus sp. WP Echornia crassipes sp. WP Iris louisiana sp. WP Iris pseudocorus sp. WP Iris versicolor sp. WP Juncus effusus sp. WP Lobelia cardinalis Lobelia WP Lobelia cardinalis sp. WP Nymphae x WP Nymphae x WP Nymphae x Orangy WP Nymphae x WP Nymphae x 'Joey Tomocik' WP Pontaderia cordata WP Pontaderia dilatata sp. WP Sagittaria latifolia sp. WP Saururus cernuus sp. WP Typha minima sp. Yucca filamentosa Yucca filamentosa Yucca filamentosa Yucca filamentosa sp. 2022 Page 17 2022 Page 18 2022 Page 19 2022 Page 20 2022 Page 21 2022 Page 22 2022 Page 23 2022 Page 24 2022 Page 25 2022 Page 26 2022 Page 27 2022 Page 28 2022 Page 29 2022 Page 30 2022 Page 31 2022 Page 32 2022 Page 33 2022 Page 34 2022 Page 35 2022 Page 36 2022 Page 37 2022 Page 38 2022 Page 39 2022 Page 40 2022 Page 41 2022 Page 42 2022 Page 43 2022 Page 44 2022 Page 45 2022 Page 46 2022 Page 47 2022 Page 48 2022 Page 49 2022 Page 50 2022 Page 51 2022 Page 52 2022 Page 53 2022 Page 54 2022 Page 55 2022 Page 56 2022 Page 57 2022 Page 58 2022 Page 59 2022 Page 60 2022 Page 61 2022 Page 62 2022 Page 63 2022 Page 64 2022 Page 65 2022 Page 66 2022 Page 67 2022 Page 68 2022 Page 69 2022 Page 70 2022 Page 71 2022 Page 72 2022 Page 73 2022 Page 74 2022 Page 75 2022 Page 76 2022 Page 77 2022 Page 78 2022 Page 79 2022 Page 80 2022 Page 81 2022 Page 82 2022 Page 83 2022 Page 84 2022 Page 85 2022 Page 86 2022 Page 87 2022 Page 88 2022 Page 89 2022 Page 90 2022 Page 91 2022 Page 92 2022 Page 93 2022 Page 94 2022 Page 95 2022 Page 96 2022 Page 97 2022 Page 98 2022 Page 99 2022 Page 100 2022 Page 101 2022 Page 102 2022 Page 103 2022 Page 104 2022 Page 105 2022 Page 106 2022 Page 107 2022 Page 108 2022 Page 109 2022 Page 110 2022 Page 111 2022 Page 112 2022 Page 113 2022 Page 114 2022 Page 115 2022 Page 116 2022 Page 117 2022 Page 118 2022 Page 119 2022 Page 120 2022 Page 121 2022 Page 122 2022 Page 123 2022 Page 124 2022 Page 125 2022 Page 126 2022 Page 127 2022 Page 128 2022 Page 129 2022 Page 130 2022 Page 131 2022 Page 132 2022 Page 133 2022 Page 134 2022 Page 135 2022 Page 136 2022 Page 137 2022 Page 138 2022 Page 139 2022 Page 140 2022 Page 141 2022 Page 142 2022 Page 143 2022 Page 144 2022 Page 145 2022 Page 146 2022 Page 147 2022 Page 148 2022 Page 149 2022 Page 150 2022 Page 151 2022 Page 152 2022 Page 153 2022 Page 154 2022 Page 155 2022 Page 156 2022 Page 157 2022 Page 158 2022 Page 159 2022 Page 160 2022 Page 161 2022 Page 162 2022 Page 163 2022 Page 164 2022 Page 165 2022 Page 166 2022 Page 167 2022 Page 168 2022 Page 169 2022 Page 170 2022 Page 171 2022 Page 172 2022 Page 173 2022 Page 174 2022 Page 175 2022 Page 176 2022 Page 177 2022 Page 178 2022 Page 179 2022 Page 180 2022 Page 181 2022 Page 182 2022 Page 183 2022 Page 184 2022 Page 185 2022 Page 186 2022 Page 187 2022 Page 188 2022 Page 189 2022 Page 190 2022 Page 191 2022 Page 192 2022 Page 193 2022 Page 194 2022 Page 195 2022 Page 196 2022 Page 197 2022 Page 198 2022 Page 199 2022 Page 200 2022 Page 201 2022 Page 202 2022 Page 203 2022 Page 204 2022 Page 205 2022 Page 206 2022 Page 207 2022 Page 208 2022 Page 209 2022 Page 210 2022 Page 211 2022 Page 212 2022 Page 213 2022 Page 214 2022 Page 215 2022 Page 216 2022 Page 217 2022 Page 218 2022 Page 219 2022 Page 220 2022 Page 221 2022 Page 222 2022 Page 223 2022 Page 224 2022 Page 225 2022 Page 226 2022 Page 227 2022 Page 228 2022 Page 229 2022 Page 230 2022 Page 231 2022 Page 232 2022 Page 233 2022 Page 234 2022 Page 235 2022 Page 236 2022 Page 237 2022 Page 238 2022 Page 239 2022 Page 240 2022 Page 241 2022 Page 242 2022 Page 243 2022 Page 244 2022 Page 245 2022 Page 246 2022 Page 247 2022 Page 248 2022 Page 249 2022 Page 250 2022 Page 251 2022 Page 252 Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala 2022 Page 253 2022 Page 254 2022 Page 255 2022 Page 256 2022 Page 257 2022 Page 258 2022 Page 259 2022 Page 260 2022 Page 261 2022 Page 262 2022 Page 263 2022 Page 264 2022 Page 265 2022 Page 266 2022 Page 267 2022 Page 268 Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala 2022 Page 269 2022 Page 270 2022 Page 271 2022 Page 272 2022 Page 273 2022 Page 274 2022 Page 275 2022 Page 276 2022 Page 277 2022 Page 278 2022 Page 279 2022 Page 280 2022 Page 281 2022 Page 282 2022 Page 283 2022 Page 284 Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala 2022 Page 285 2022 Page 286 2022 Page 287 2022 Page 288 2022 Page 289 2022 Page 290 2022 Page 291 2022 Page 292 2022 Page 293 2022 Page 294 2022 Page 295 2022 Page 296 2022 Page 297 2022 Page 298 2022 Page 299 2022 Page 300 Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala Ligularia stenocephala 2022 Page 301 2022 Page 302 2022 Page 303 2022 Page 304 2023 Page 305 Botanic name Cultivar Native NEW Color/Description Common Plant Name 'New Vintage Red' N Purple Flower Yarrow 'New Vintage Violet' N Cherry Red Flower Yarrow 'Paprika' N Orange/Red Flower Yarrow 'Pomegranate' N Red Flower Yarrow N White Flower Yarrow 'Little Moonshine' Dwarf Yellow Gray Foliage Yarrow 'Moonshine' Tall Yellow Gray Foliage Yarrow Blue Monkshood 'White One Edge' White One Stripe Dwarf N Black 'Chocoholic' Yummy Brown Variegated 'Kudos Mandarin' Short Orange Hummingbird Mint Green 'Thriller' Japanese Lady's Mantle Common Lady's Mantle Garden--Thin & Broad Leaf Chives N Native Ramp, Leek, Onion N 'Blue Ice' Hybrid Anemone x Fantasy 'Red Riding Hood' Hybrid Dark Pink Anemone 'Little Lanterns' N Columbine Mixed Colors Columbine 'Sun King' Japanese N Wild N Native Jack in the Pulpit 'Silver King' White Sagebrush Dwarf N Ginger N Wild Ginger N Common Milkweed N Orange Weed Butterfly Weed Improved Asparagus Achillea millefolium Achillea millefolium Achillea millefolium Achillea millefolium Achillea millefolium sp. Achilllea x Achilllea x Aconitum carmichaelii 'Arendsii' Acorus gramineus 'Ogon' Yel./White Var.Fol., Dwarf Sweetflag Acorus gramineus Sweetflag Actaea racemosa sp. Snakeroot, Cohosh Actaea x Bugbane Aegopodium podagraria 'Variegatus' Goutweed Agastache x Ajuga reptans sp. Bugleweed Alchemilla mollis Alchemilla mollis sp. Allium schoenoprasm sp. Allium tricoccum sp. Amsonia hubrichtii sp. Threadleaf Bluestar Amsonia tabernaemontana Bluestar Aquilegia canadensis Red/Yellow Bicolor Aquilegia x 'McKana Hybrid' Aralia cordata Spikenard Aralia nudicaulis sp. Sarsparilla Arisaema triphyllum sp. Artemesia ludoviciana Aruncus aethusifolius sp. Goatsbeard Asarum arifolium sp. Arrowleaf Asarum canadense sp. Asclepias syriaca sp. Asclepias tuberosa sp. Asparagus officinalis 'Millenium' 2023 Page 306 'Purple Passion' Purple Almost Improved Asparagus White Wood Aster 'Bluebird' N Smooth Lavender Aster N New York Aster N Small Fl. White (Bushy) Aster 'Amethyst' Tall Lavender Mid Tall Pink Mid Medium White Early Tall Salmon Pink Late Medium White Early Medium Red/Burgundy Early 'Gladstone' Medium White Very Early 'Glow' Tall Deep Pink Mid Medium White Early 'Peach Blossom' Medium Pink Early Medium Clear Pink Early 'White Gloria' Short White Mid 'Sister Theresa' Short Pink Late Short Pink Late 'Vision in Pink' + Medium Pink Late 'Visions' Medium Pink Late 'Karaoke Party' Medium Blue Pink Mid 'Lighthouse' Raspberry Red Tall 'Little Visions in Pink' Short Purple Late 'Montgomery' Short Red Mid Medium Soft Pink Mid Medium Clear Pink Late 'Sprite' Short Clear Pink Mid 'Sugarplum' Medium Pink Early Tall Purple Late Short Clear Pink Mid 'Color Flash Lime' Tall Lime Foliage Pink Late 'Color Flash' Tall Red Sport Foliage Pink Late Asparagus officinalis Aster divaricatus sp. Aster laevis Aster novae-belgii sp. Aster vimineus sp. Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Anita Pfiefer' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Brautschleier' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Bressingham Beauty' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Deutschland' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Fanal' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Irrlicht' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe arendsii 'Rheinland' Astilbe Astilbe arendsii Astilbe Astilbe chinensis 'Purpurkerze Offspring' Slightly shorter than Purpkze. Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis 'Veronica Klose' Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Astilbe Astilbe chinensis Chinese Dwarf Pink Impr Astilbe Astilbe chinensis 'Pumila' Astilbe Astilbe japonica Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia 'Eden's Odyseus' Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia 'Hennie Graafland' Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia Astilbe Astilbe simplicifolia Astilbe Astilbe taquetii 'Superba Offspring' Astilbe Astilbe x 'Carnea' Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe 2023 Page 307 'Delft Lace' Tall Dark Foliage Apricot Pink Mid 'Ellie' Short White Late 'Erika' Tall Light Pink Mid 'Royal Purple' Hybrid Purple Flower Indigo, False Hybrid Yellow Flower Indigo, False 'Spring Fling' Pink Flower Saxifrage Siberian 'Alexander's Great' Large Leaf 'Sea Heart' Round Leaf 'Silver Heart' Silver Leaf Blue Canterbury Bells Serbian Appalachian Sedge--ORANGE TAG N Emory's Sedge 'Blue Zinger' Blue Sedge 'Ice Dance' White Variegated Dwarf Sedge Lime Green Foliage Sedge Blue 'Hot Lips' Pink Turtle Head 'Tiny Tortuga' Dwarf Turtle Head N + Rose Pink Purple 'Norman Singer' Improved Green-and-Gold N Virginia Spring Beauty White Clematis, Mountain Pink Clematis, Mountain Late Small White Clematis, Sweet Autumn Purple White Stripe Clematis Clematis x 'Blue Angel' Lavender Small Flower Clematis Clematis x Candy Pink Single Clematis Clematis x 'Diana's Delight' Large Light Blue Single Clematis Clematis x 'Ernest Markham' Red Flower Clematis Clematis x Improved Purple Clematis Clematis x + Clematis Clematis x + Pale Pink White Clematis Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Astilbe x Astilbe Baptisia x Baptisia x 'Twilight Prairieblues' Bergenia Brunnera macrophylla sp. Bugloss Brunnera x Bugloss Brunnera x Bugloss Brunnera x Bugloss Campanula medium sp. Campanula poscharskyana sp. Bellflower Carex appalachia sp. Carex emoryi sp. Carex flacca Carex morrowi Carex x oshimensis 'Everillo' Ceratostigma plumbaginoides sp. Plumbago, Leadwort Chelone lyonii Chelone lyonii Chelone obliqua 'Rosea' Turtlehead Chelone obliqua sp. Turtlehead Chrysogonum virginianum Claytonia virginica sp. Clematis montana 'Grandiflora' Clematis montana 'Mayleen' Clematis paniculata sp. Clematis viticella 'Venosa Violacea' 'Comtesse de Bouchard' 'Jackmanii Superba' 'Killian Donahue' Pink Bicolor 'Miss Bateman' 2023 Page 308 Clematis x 'Mrs. N. Thompson' Purple Red Bar Clematis Clematis x 'Nubia' + Dark Red Clematis Clematis x 'Rosalie' Dark Pink Clematis Clematis x 'Silver Moon' Pale Violet Clematis Clematis x 'The President' Large Purple Clematis Lily-of-the-Valley 'Gold Standard' Tall 'Zagreb' 'Red Elf' Dwarf Red Flower 'Super Star' Pink Flower Ice Plant 'Hot Pink Wonder' + Magenta/White Flower Ice Plant N Wild Blue Larkspur Hot Pink Flowers 'Georgia Peach Pie' Apricot-Pink Flower 'Bacchanal' N Bleeding Heart 'Luxuriant' N Bleeding Heart 'Mixed' Biennial Foxglove N Purple 'Orange Skipper' N Tangerine Orange Kismet 'Yellow' Yellow Single N + Red Orange Single 'Pink Elf' Pink Flower N Ageratum 'Bonfire' N + Cushion Multicolored Spurge N Maidenhair Fern 'Lady in Red' N Lady Fern N Lady Fern 'Ghost' Japanese Painted Fern Japanese Painted Fern Japanese Painted Fern 'Ursula's Red' Japanese Painted w/ red Fern N Hay-Scented Fern N Robust Male Fern N Male Fern Convallaria majalis sp. Groundcover Coreopsis tripteris Tickseed Coreopsis verticillata Threadleaf Dark Yellow Tickseed Coreopsis x Tickseed Coreopsis x Large Bicolor Flower Tickseed Delosperma cooperi sp. Delosperma x Delphinium tricorme sp. Dianthus gratianopolitanis 'Firewitch' Dianthus,Pinks Dianthus x Dianthus,Pinks Dicentra formosa Fernleaf Rose Dicentra formosa Fernleaf Pink Digitalis purpurea Echinacea purpurea sp. Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Coneflower Echinacea x Sombrero 'Sangrita' Coneflower Epimedium grandiflorum Barrenwort, Goatweed Eupatorium coelastinum sp. Blue Mistflower Euphorbia polychroma F Adiantum pedatum sp. F Athyrium felix-femina F Athyrium felix-femina sp. F Athyrium nippon. x felix f. F Athyrium nipponicum 'Metallicum' (aka 'Pictum') F Athyrium nipponicum sp. F Athyrium nipponicum F Dennstaidtia punctuloba sp. F Dryopteris filix-mas 'Undulata Robusta' F Dryopteris filix-mas sp. 2023 Page 309 N Wood Fern N Ostrich Fern N Sensitive Fern N Fern N Royal Fern N Fern N Christmas Fern N Pink June Bearing—Early Strawberry June Bearing –Mid Strawberry N Black Foliage 'Holy Smoke' N + Upright Grass, Feather Reed N Native Grass, Northern Sea Oats 'Blue Dune' N Blue Lyme Grass, Dune 'Elijah Blue' Standard Blue 'All Gold' Yellow Grass, Japanese Forest 'Sapphire Blue' Blue Foliage Grass, Blue Oat Blue Foliage Grass, Blue Oat 'Red Baron' Red Foliage Grass, Japanese Blood 'Morning Light' Variegated Grass, Maiden Purple Fall Color Grass, Maiden 'Adagio' Dwarf Grass, Maiden Narrow Blade Grass, Maiden Zebra Grass, Maiden 'Heavy Metal' N Blue Stems Grass, Switch 'Prairie Sky' Very Blue Grass, Switch Dwarf Grass, Fountain 'Little Bunny' Super Cute Grass, Fountain 'Fireworks' Red Annual Grass, Fountain White Variegated Grass, Ribbon Native Grass, Autumn Moor N + Fine Foliage 'Arizona Sun' Blanket Flower 'Fire Wheels' + Red Flower Blanket Flower F Dryopteris spinulosa sp. F Matteuccia struthiopteris sp. F Onoclea sensibilis sp. F Osmunda claytoniana sp. Interupted F Osmunda regalis sp. F Polypodium vulgare sp. Common Polypody F Polysticum acrostichoides sp. Filipendula rubra 'Venusta' Meadowsweet Fragaria x ananassa 'Honeoye' Fragaria x ananassa 'Surecrop' G Andropogon gerardii 'Blackhawks' Grass, Big Bluestem G Andropogon gerardii Mulitcolored Foliage Grass, Big Bluestem G Calamagrostis acutiflora x 'Karl Foerster' G Chasmanthium latifolium sp. G Elymus arenarius G Festuca ovina glauca Grass, Fescue G Hakonechloa macra G Helictotrichon sempervirens G Helictotrichon sempervirens sp. G Imperata cylindrica G Miscanthus sinensis G Miscanthus sinensis 'Purpurescens' G Miscanthus sinensis G Miscanthus sinensis 'Gracillimus' G Miscanthus sinensis 'Zebrinus' G Panicum virgatum G Panicum virgatum G Pennisetum alopecuroides 'Hameln' G Pennisetum alopecuroides G Pennisetum x G Phalaris arundinacea 'Picta' G Sesleria autumnalis sp. G Sporobolus heterolepis sp. Grass, Prairie Dropseed Gaillardia aristata Dark Red/Yellow Bicolor Gaillardia x 2023 Page 310 'Goblin' Red/Yellow Edge Blanket Flower Sweet White Bee Blossom 'Thumping Heart' Violet Throat N Wild N Dusky Large Pink Flowers Geranium x 'Dark Eyes' + Purple Violet Throat Geranium x 'Espresso' Brown Leaved Wild Geranium x Lavender Blue Orange Anise Hyssop, Licorice Mint Herb Herb Fennel-Bronze Herb Lavender, English Herb 'Super Blue' Lavender, English Herb Herb Lemon Balm Herb Mint, Peppermint Herb Spearmint Herb 'Junior Walker' Herb Marjoram, Golden Herb 'Hot and Spicy' Oregano, Italian Herb Oregano, Italian Herb 'Honey Melon' Sage-Honey Melon Pineapple Herb-Annual Sage-Golden Variegated Herb Sage-Purple Herb 'Tricolor' Sage – Variegated Herb Herb Herb Thyme – White Variegated Herb Thyme Herb Thyme – Common Herb 'Lemon' Thyme-Lemon Variegated Herb Gaillardia x grandiflora Galium odoratum sp. Woodruff Gaura lindheimeri 'Walburton's Silver Fountain' Geranium cinereum Cranesbill, Dwarf Geranium macrorrhizum 'Bevan's Variety' Bigroot Geranium, Cranesbill Geranium maculatum sp. Geranium, Cranesbill Geranium phaeum 'Samobor' Geranium, Cranesbill Geranium striatum 'Lancastriense' Geranium, Cranesbill Cranesbill Geranium, Cranesbill 'Rozanne' Geranium, Cranesbill Geum coccineum 'Borisii' Avens H Agastache foeniculum sp. H Artemesia dracunculoides sp. Tarragon, Rusian H Foeniculum vulgare 'Purpureum' H Lavandula angustifolia 'Hidcote' H Lavandula angustifolia H Levisticum officinale sp. Lovage H Melissa officinalis sp. H Mentha piperita sp. H Mentha spicata sp. H Nepeta x faasinii Catmint, Dwarf H Origanum vulgare 'Aureum' H Origanum vulgare H Origanum vulgare sp. H Salvia elegans H Salvia officinalis 'Icterina' H Salvia officinalis 'Purpurea' H Salvia officinalis H Symphytum officiale sp. Comfrey, Common Blue H Symphytum x uplandicum sp. Comfrey, White Russian H Thymus pulegiodes 'Foxley' H Thymus vulgaris 'Wedgewood' H Thymus vulgaris sp. H Thymus x citriodorus 2023 Page 311 Baltic--50/flat Ivy---Sold by Flat Only Mariachi 'Siesta' Red Flower Mariachi 'Sombrero' N Yellow Flower N Native N Woodland Sunflower N Variegated 'Burning Hearts' N + Ox Eye 'Mixed Hybrids' Rose Pink White Mix Lenten Rose 'Candy Love' White Flower Hellebore, Christmas Rose 'Snow Love' Lime/White Flower Hellebore, Christmas Rose Orange 'Arctic Snow' White/Pale Pink Tall Early Short Pink-Yellow Mid 'Big Time Happy' + Med Peach Maroon 'Chicago Apache' Med. Fiery Red, Ruffled Mid Med. Lav., Purple Halo Mid 'Chicago Cherry' Med. Bright Red Mid 'Chicago Knockout' Med. Deep Plum Mid 'Chicago Rainbow' 'Chicago Sunrise' Med. Yell.-Orange Mid 'Double Firecracker' Med. Double Red Mid 'Evening Gown' Med. Lt. Or. Melon Late 'Fire and Fog' 'Fragrant Returns' Fragrant Yellow Repeat 'Happy Returns' Canary Yellow Short Repeat 'Hyperion' Tall Yellow Flower 'Indian Paintbrush' Tall Tangerine Mid 'Joan Senior' 'Jungle Beauty' Short Violet-Purple Late 'Macbeth' Med Mauve Purple Mid 'Mini Pearl' 'Nile Crane' Med. Large Lavender Mid Hedera helix sp. Helenium autumnale Sneezeweed Helenium autumnale Sneezeweed Helenium autumnale sp. Sneezeweed Helianthus strumosus sp. Heliopsis helianthiodes 'Sunstruck' Oxeye Heliopsis helianthiodes var. scabra Dark Foliage/Yel Or Flower Helleborus orientalis x Helleborus x Helleborus x Hemerocallis fulva sp. Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Bama Music' Daylily Hemerocallis x Med. Yellow Mid Rebloom Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Blackthorne' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Chicago Cattleya' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Med. CandyPinkCreamRib Early Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Med. Orange Red Halo Rblm Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Frans Hals' Red Yellow Bicolor Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Short Cream White Rebloom Daylily Hemerocallis x Med. Dk. Purple Mid Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Little Grapette' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Short Apricot Pink Rebloom Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily 2023 Page 312 'Pandora's Box' Short Cream Maroon Mid 'Pardon Me' 0.74 Short Burgundy Red Repeat Short Purple Repeat Med Ruffle Plum Purple Mid 'Red Magic' Short Red-Rust Mid 'Rosy Returns' + Med Apricot Pink Mid N Sharp Lobed Whitish Flower Liverwort Pink Green Mottled Foliage Coral Bells 'Blackout' Black Foliage Coral Bells 'Timeless Orange' Orange Foliage Coral Bells 'Berry Smoothie' Pink/Red Foliage Coral Bells 'Fire Alarm' Bright Red Foliage Coral Bells 'Forever Purple' Bright Purple Foliage Coral Bells 'Georgia Peach' Peachy Red Foliage Coral Bells 'Guacamole' Limy Green Coral Bells 'Obsidian' Black Foliage Coral Bells 'Stainless Steel' Silver Foliage Coral Bells Carnival 'Black Olive' Black Foliage Coral Bells Little Cuties 'Blondie' Coral Bells 'Honey Rose' Amber Foliage Foamy Bells 'Plum Cascade' Purple/Silver Foliage Foamy Bells Red-Orange Foliage Foamy Bells Hibiscus x 'Dark Mystery' Dinner Plate Dark Fol Pink Hibiscus Hibiscus x 'Luna Red' Dinner Plate Gr Fol Red Hibiscus Med Ruffled White Margin 'Gold Standard' Med Gold Center Green Margin 'Twilight' Sm Broad Cream Edge Fragrant August Lily 'Children of Frances Williams' Lg Various Morphology Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Pigmy Pirate' Med. Crimson Rebloom Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Purple D'Oro' Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Purplelicious' Daylily Hemerocallis x Daylily Hemerocallis x Sm Pink Red Rebloom Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Spacecoast Early Bird' Daylily Hemerocallis x 'Stella D' Oro' Short Yellow-Gold Rebloom Daylily Hepatica acutiloba sp. Heuchera sanguinea Heuchera villosa Heuchera villosa Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Heuchera x Orange Foliage/Yellow Flr Heucherella x Heucherella x Heucherella x 'Redstone Falls' Hosta fortunei 'Albo-Marginata' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta fortunei 'Aureo-Marginata' Med Cordate Smooth Yellow Margin Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta fortunei Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta fortunei Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta plantaginea sp. Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta rectifolia var. 'Chionea' Sm Lanceolate White Margin Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta sieboldiana Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta sieboldiana 'Elegans' Med Lg Glaucous Cordate Hosta, Plantain Lily 2023 Page 313 'Frances Williams' Lg Yellow Margin Blue Quilted Blue Green Species 'Halcyon' SALE Sm Blue Margin Green Sm Spreading White Center Blue Quilted Cupped Foliage 'August Moon' 'Beach Boy' Med Yellow Stripe Foliage 'Big Daddy' 'Black Hills' 'Blue Angel' 'Blue Cadet' 'Blue Moon' Sm Pointed Blue 'Blue Mouse Ears' 'Blue Shadows' 'Blue Umbrellas' 'Brim Cup' Sm Broad Cream Edge 'Captain Kirk' Yellow Stripe Blue 'Earth Angel' Blue Foliage L Gr Edge 'FHG Giant Blue' 'Fire & Ice' 'Fire Island' Sm Lime Green Foliage Red Stem Med Broad White Edge 'First Frost' Blue Yellow Margin 'Fragrant Bouquet' Lg White Margin Lime Green Med Lg Yellow Lavender Fl 'Glad Rags' Yellow Green Rib 'Golden Tiara' Sm Upright Yellow Margin 'Honey Bells' Lg Grass Green Fragrant 'Josephine' Yellow Green Foliage Tall Blue Hosta sieboldiana Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta sieboldiana sp. Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta tardiana Sm Md Glaucous Cordate Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta tardiana sp. Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta tokudama 'Flavocircinalis' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta undulata 'Mediovariegata' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta ventricosa sp. Med Lg Green Cordate Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x 'Abiqua Drinking Gourd' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Med Lg Lime Green Rugose Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Med Dark Blue Rugose Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Med Dark Green Rugose Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Lg Glaucous Blue Cordate Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Sm Upright Glaucous Blue Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Mini Glaucous Blue Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Med Lg Blue Dark Blue Rugose Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Med Lg Blue Rugose Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Med Rugose Gr Yellow Ctr Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x 'Catharine' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Lg Blue Rugose Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Sm Green Edge White Cntr Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x 'Firn Line' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x 'Francee' Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x 'Hadspen's Blue' Med Glaucous Blue Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x 'Krossa Regal' Hosta, Plantain Lily 2023 Page 314 'Majesty' Tall Large Yellow Margin 'Minuteman' Dark Green White Edge 'Patriot' Sm White Center 'Regal Splendor' Tall Blue Yellow Margin Tall Round Blue Yellow Margin 'Stained Glass' 'Sum and Substance' Very Large Yellow 'Wide Brim' Large Yellow Margin Iris 'Dwarf Lavender' Dwarf Blue/White Flower Iris Iris Unknown Iris 'Powder Blue Giant' N + Large Blue Flowers Iris, Crested Dwarf White/Purple Iris, Japanese N + Copper Brown Flower Iris, Copper 'Dusky Challenger' Dark Purple Iris, Bearded Variegated Iris, Sweet 'Queen Blue' Siberian – SALE Iris Native Blue Iris 'Herman's Pride' Variegated Clumping Dead Nettle Green/Yellow Fol. Dead Nettle 'Purple Dragon' Purple Flower Dead Nettle 'Becky' Shasta Daisy Daisy Purple 'Othello' Burgundy Fol., Gold Flower Leopard Plant 'Little Golden Ray' Dwarf Leopard Plant 'Matrix' Dwarf Bright Red Lily, Asiatic 'Sugar Love' Lily, Asiatic Bright Yellow Dwarf Lily, Asiatic Red-Purple Lily, Asiatic Lily, Asiatic 'Big Blue' Green Grass Variegated Grass 'Black Truffle' N Black Foliage Cardinal Flower Native Cardinal Flower Hybrid Purple Flower Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x 'Sagae' Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Yellow/Green Margin Rugose Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plaintain Lily Hosta x Hosta, Plantain Lily Dwarfie Iris cristata Iris ensata 'Nessa No Mai' Iris fulva sp. Iris germanica Iris pallida 'Aureovariegata' Iris siberica Iris versicolor sp. Lamiastrum galeobdolon Lamiastrum galeobdolon 'Variegatum' Lamium maculatum Leucanthemum superbum Leucanthemum vulgare sp. Oxeye Liatris spicata 'Floristan Violet' Gayfeather, Liatris Ligularia dentata Ligularia stenocephala Lilium x Asiatic Lilium x Asiatic Pink/White Bicolor Lilium x Asiatic Lilylooks 'Tiny Bee' Lilium x Asiatic Lilylooks 'Tiny Ghost' Lilium x Asiatic Lilylooks 'Tiny Padhye' Dwarf Bicolor White/Red Liriope muscari Liriope muscari 'Variegata' Lobelia cardinalis Lobelia cardinalis sp. Lobelia x speciosa 'Starship Blue' Lobelia 2023 Page 315 Hybrid Scarlet Bronze Foliage Color of Money Money Plant West Country 'Manhattan Lights' Red-Violet/Yellow Flower Lupine Iridescent Rose Gold Creeping Jenny Yellow 'Midnight Oil' N + Purple Foliage Native Bee Balm 'Blue Stocking' N Blue-Violet Bee Balm N Tall Red Bee Balm 'Jacob Cline' N Bright Red Bee Balm N Wild 'Bee Free' Bright Purple Bee Balm 'Bee Pretty' Lavender Blue Bee Balm Moss N Native Moss Red Leafed – SALE N Primrose White Japanese--50/flat 'Angel Cheeks' + Shell Pink/Gold Peony, Garden 'Buckeye Belle' Double Crimson Red Peony, Garden 'Coral Charm' Double Coral Pink Peony, Garden 'Shirley Temple' Shell Pink Peony, Garden 'Scarlet Heaven' Scarlet Red N White Native 'Dark Towers' Pink Flower Brown Foliage 'Red Riding Hood' Red Flower 'Blue Jean Baby' Compact Sage, Russian 'Flame Pro Baby Doll' + Light Pink Phlox, Garden 'Flame Pro Purple' + Purple with Eye Phlox, Garden 'Mixed' N Summer Lav.,purple,fuchsia Phlox, Garden 'Purple Eye Flame' + Eye with Purple Phlox, Garden Phlox x 'Fashionably Early Flamingo' Tall Pink Phlox, Spreading Phlox x 'Fashionably Early Lavender Ice' + Tall Pink Phlox, Spreading Phlox x 'Minnie Pearl' Short White Phlox, Spreading Chinese Lanterns Lobelia x speciosa 'Starship Scarlet Bronze' Lobelia Lunaria annua sp. Lupinus x Lychnis x coronaria sp. Rose Campion Lysimachia nummularia 'Aurea' Lysimachia punctata sp. Loosestrife Monarda bradburiana Monarda didyma Monarda didyma 'Colrain Red' Monarda didyma Monarda fistulosa sp. Bergamot Monarda x Monarda x sp. Mukdenia rossii 'Karasuba' Mukdenia Oenothera tetragona sp. Yellow Sundrop Ornithogalum umbellatum sp. Starflower Pachysandra terminalis sp. Spurge---SoldFlatOnly Paeonia lactiflora Paeonia lactiflora Paeonia lactiflora Paeonia lactiflora Paeonia x Peony, Itoh Penstemon digitalis sp. Beardtongue Penstemon x Beardtongue Penstemon x Beardtongue Perovskia atriplicifolia Phlox paniculata Phlox paniculata Phlox paniculata Phlox paniculata Physalis alkekengi var. franchetii sp. 2023 Page 316 White Flower Obedient Plant 'Sentimental Blue' Single Blue Balloon Flower Single Blue Balloon Flower N Wild 'Stairway to Heaven' Variegated Jacob's Ladder N Wild Solomon's Seal N Giant Solomon's Seal Variegated Solomon's Seal Burgundy/Yellow Eye Primrose Blue, Pink Flower 'Raspberry Splash' Hybrid Dark Pink Flower N Appalachian Mountain Mint N Virginia Mountain Mint Japanese Sacred Lily 'Fall Gold' N Yellow Raspberry 'Heritage' N Raspberry N Black Raspberry N Native Blackberry 'Black Satin' Blackberry Short Spreading Black Eyed Susan Cut Leaf N Native Brown Eyed Susan Irish Moss Tall Purple Sage, Meadow 'May Night' Compact Purple Sage, Meadow + Dark Foliage 'Blue Spruce' 'Angelina' 'October Pink' 'Dragon's Blood' Red Foliage N Woodland 'Autumn Joy' 'Lime Spring Carpet' Green Leaf Pink Edge Physostegia virginiana sp. Platycodon grandiflorus Platycodon grandiflorus sp. Podophyllum peltatum sp. Mayapple Polemonium reptans Polygonatum biflorum sp. Polygonatum biflorum var. commutatum Polygonatum x 'Variegatum' Primula vulgaris sp. Pulmonaria saccharata sp. Lungwort, Beth. Sage Pulmonaria x longifolia Lungwort Pycnanthemum flexuosum sp. Pycnanthemum virginianum sp. Rohdea japonica sp. Rubus idaeus Rubus idaeus Red Everbearing Rubus occidentalis sp. Rubus pennsylvanica sp. Rubus x Thornless Rudbeckia fuldiga 'Goldsturm' Rudbeckia laciniata Herbstsonne' Rudbeckia Rudbeckia triloba sp. Sagina subulata sp. Salvia nemorosa 'Caradonna' Salvia nemorosa Sedum hylotelephium 'Matrona' Sedum, Upright Sedum reflexum Blue Stonecrop Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum rupestre Crpg, Gr./Yel/Orange Leaf Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum sieboldii Crpg, Blue Leaf, Pink Flower Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum spurium Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum stefco sp. Blusihing Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum ternatum sp. Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum x Uprt, Green Leaf, Rose Fl. Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum x Crpg, Green Leaf, Yellow Fl. Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum x SunSparkler 'Lime Zinger' Sedum, Stonecrop 2023 Page 317 Red Foliage Red Flower Blue Foliage 'Mixed Varieties' Barnyard Explosion Hens and Chicks Pale Yellow Eyed Grass N Native False Solomon's Seal N Tall Goldenrod N Blue Stemmed Goldenrod Lamb's Ear Hot Pink Flowers N Yellow Flower Celandine, Wood Poppy Golden Buttons Tansy N N Mixed Colors Purple Spotted Flower Toad Lily N Red Trillium, Wake Robin N White or Snowy Trillium, Wake Robin N Yellow Trillium, Wake Robin N Purple Yellow Flower Plain Green Periwinkle N Sweet White Violet N Native Smooth Yellow Violet Giant Tropical Sensitive Fern 'African Sunset' 'Australia' + Dark Leaf Red Flower 'Bengal Tiger' Striped Green Leaf Dark Foliage Orange Flower 'Intrigue' Black Leaf Orange Flower 'Outback Sunset' Green Foliage Orange Flower 'Black Magic' Black Leaf Taro 'Imperial' Imperial-Lime Green w/ Black Taro + Lime Green Taro Dwarf Papyrus Giant Dwarf (Tropical) Papyrus Water (Floater) Hyacinth Sedum x SunSparkler 'Dazzleberry' Sedum, Stonecrop Sedum x sedoro SunSparkler 'Blue Elf' Sedum, Stonecrop Sempervivum tectorum Sisrynchium californicum sp. Smilacina racemosa sp. Solidago altissima sp. Solidago caesia sp. Stachys byzantia sp. Stachys x 'Hummelo' Wood Betony Stylophorum diphyllum sp. Tanacetum vulgare sp. Tiarella cordifolia sp. White Flwr., Darker Leaf Foamflower Tradescantia andersoniana sp. Spiderwort Tricyrtis hirta 'Myazaki' Trillium erectum sp. Trillium grandiflorum sp. Trillium luteum sp. Trillium sessile sp. Trillium, Toadshade Uvularia grandiflora sp. Bellwort, Merrybells Vinca minor sp. Viola blanda sp. Viola pubescens sp. WP Aeschynomene fluitans sp. WP Canna x Striped Dark Leaf Yl Or Fl Canna WP Canna x Canna WP Canna x Canna WP Canna x 'Burgandy Outback Sunset' Canna WP Canna x Canna WP Canna x Canna WP Colocasia esculenta WP Colocasia esculenta WP Colocasia esculenta 'Mojito' WP Cyperus haspan sp. WP Cyperus papyrus sp. WP Echornia crassipes sp. 2023 Page 318 Black Gamecock Iris Yellow Iris N Blue Flag Iris N Common Rush N Cardinal (green leaf, red flower) Flower Queen Victoria' Red-Leaved N Blue 'Persian Chocolate' Burgundy Leaf Creeping Jenny 'Burgundy Princess' + Burgundy Water Lily 'Colorado' Water Lily Yellow Water Lily Water (Floater) Lettuce 'Alba' White Pickerel Rush Royal Pickerel Rush N Native Arrowhead Aztec (Tropical) Arrowhead + Variegated Society Garlic Miniature Cattail 'Bright Edge' Variegated Green and Gold Yucca Variegated Green and Gold Yucca WP Iris louisiana sp. WP Iris pseudocorus sp. WP Iris versicolor sp. WP Juncus effusus sp. WP Lobelia cardinalis sp. WP Lobelia fulgens Lobelia WP Lobelia syphilitica sp. Lobelia WP Lysimachia congestiflora WP Nymphae x WP Nymphae x Orangy WP Nymphae x 'Joey Tomocik' WP Pistia stratiodes sp. WP Pontaderia cordata WP Pontaderia dilatata sp. WP Sagittaria latifolia sp. WP Sagittaria montevidensis sp. WP Tulbaghia violacea 'Variegata' WP Typha minima sp. Yucca filamentosa Yucca filamentosa sp.