Home
About Our Nursery
Hollies
Wholesale
Retail
Events & Classes
Contact
Trees and Shrubs
 
This is a partial list of native species propagated and grown at Heartwood Nursery. Trees, shrubs, and groundcovers are grown in containers of various sizes according to growth habit.
Terms & Conditions
Due to the fluctuation of market conditions and any natural cause beyond our control, prices and availability are subject to change without notice.
Membership
Heartwood Nursery, Inc. are members of the Holly Society of America, the International Plant Propagators Society, Maryland Certified Professional Horticulturalists, Maryland Native Plant Society, Maryland Nursery & Landscape Association, Pennsylvania Native Plant Society & the Pennsylvania Landscape & Nursery Association.


Trees


Acer negundo …… Boxelder Maple
Acer rubrum …… Red Maple
Acer saccharinum …… Silver Maple
Acer saccharum …… Sugar Maple
Aesculus octandra …… Yellow Buckeye
Aesculus pavia …… Red Buckeye
Amelanchier canadensis …… Serviceberry
Asimina triloba …… Paw Paw
Betula lenta …… Cherry Birch/Sweet Birch
Betula nigra …… River Birch
Carpinus caroliniana …… American Hornbeam
Carya ovata …… Shagbark Hickory
Celtis occidentalis …… Common Hackberry
Cercis canadensis …… Eastern Redbud
Cladrastis lutea …… American Yellowwood
Cornus alternifolia …… Pagoda Dogwood
Cornus florida …… Flowering Dogwood
Diospyros virginiana …… Common Persimmon
Fagus grandifolia …… American Beech
Halesia carolina …… Carolina Silverbell
Ilex opaca …… American Holly female
Ilex opaca …… American Holly male
Juglans nigra …… Black Walnut
Juniperus virginiana …… Eastern Redcedar
Liquidambar styraciflua …… American Sweetgum
Liriodendron tulipifera …… Tulip Poplar
Magnolia virginiana …… Sweetbay Magnolia
Nyssa sylvatica …… Black Gum
Oxydendrum arboreum …… Sourwood
Pinus strobus …… Eastern White Pine
Plantanus occidentalis …… Sycamore
Prunus maritima …… Beach Plum
Prunus serotina …… Black Cherry/Wild Cherry
Quercus alba …… White Oak
Quercus bicolor …… Swamp White Oak
Quercus coccinea …… Scarlet Oak
Quercus imbricaria …… Shingle Oak
Quercus macrocarpa …… Bur Oak
Quercus palustris …… Pin Oak
Quercus phellos …… Willow Oak
Quercus prinus …… Chestnut Oak
Quercus rubra …… Red Oak
Quercus velutina …… Black Oak
Robinia pseudoacacia …… Black Locust
Salix alba …… White Willow
Salix nigra …… Black Willow
Sassafras albidum …… Common Sassafras
Taxodium distichum …… Common Bald Cypress
Tilia americana …… Basswood
Tsuga canadensis …… Canadian Hemlock


Shrubs


Aesculus parviflora …… Bottlebrush Buckeye
Alnus serrulata …… Tag Alder
Amelanchier canadensis …… Shadblow / Juneberry
Amelanchier laevis …… Allegheny Serviceberry
Amorpha fruticosa …… Indigobush
Aralia spinosa …… Devil’s Walking Stick
Aronia arbutifolia …… Red Chokeberry
Aronia melanocarpa …… Black Chokeberry
Baccharis halimifolia …… Groundsel-Bush
Calycanthus floridus …… Sweetshrub
Cephalanthus occidentalis …… Buttonbush
Chionanthus virginicus …… Fringetree
Clethra alnifolia …… Summersweet
Cornus amomum …… Silky Dogwood
Cornus racemosa …… Gray Dogwood
Cornus sericea …… Redosier Dogwood
Corylus americana …… American Filbert
Euonymus americanus …… Hearts a Bustin’
Fothergilla gardenii …… Dwarf Fothergilla
Hamamelis virginiana …… Common Witchhazel
Hydrangea arborescens …… Smooth Hydrangea
Hydrangea quercifolia …… Oakleaf Hydrangea
Hypericum densiflorum …… Bushy St.Johns Wort
Ilex decidua …… Possumhaw


Holly
Ilex glabra …… Inkberry Holly
Ilex verticillata …… Winterberry Holly female
Ilex verticillata …… Winterberry Holly male
Itea virginica …… Virginia Sweetspire
Kalmia angustifolia …… Sheep Laurel
Lindera benzoin …… Spicebush
Physocarpus opulifolius …… Ninebark
Myrica pennsylvanica …… Northern Bayberry
Rhododendron species …… Native Azaleas & Rhododendrons
(atlanticum, austrinum, periclymenoides, vaseyu, viscosum & others)
Rhus aromatica …… Fragrant Sumac
Rhus copallina …… Flameleaf Sumac
Rhus glabra …… Smooth Sumac
Rhus typhina …… Staghorn Sumac
Rosa palustris …… Swamp Rose
Rosa carolina …… Carolina Rose
Rosa virginiana …… Virginia Rose
Rubus odoratus …… Flowering Raspberry
Sambucus canadensis …… American Elderberry
Symphoricarpos albus …… Snowberry
Symphoricarpos orbiculatus …… Indiancurrant Coralberry
Vaccinium angustifolium …… Lowbush Blueberry
Vaccinium corymbosum …… Highbush Blueberry
Viburnum acerifolium …… Mapleleaf Viburnum
Viburnum dentatum …… Arrowwood Viburnum
Viburnum lentago …… Nannyberry Viburnum
Viburnum nudum …… Smooth Witherod Viburnum
Viburnum prunifolium …… Blackhaw Viburnum
Viburnum opulus var. americanum …… American Cranberrybush Viburnum


Groundcovers


Adiantum pedatum …… Maidenhair Fern
Comptonia peregrina …… Sweetfern
Dennstaedtia punctiloba …… Hayscented Fern
Gaultheria procumbens …… Wintergreen
Mitchella repens …… Partridgeberry
Pachysandra procumbens …… Alleghany Pachysandra
Parthenocissus quinquefolia …… Virginia Creeper
Paxistima canbyi …… Cliff Green
Polystichum acrostichoides …… Christmas Fern
Xanthorhiza simplicissima …… Yellowroot




Deciduous Azaleas
Rhododendron ‘High Tide’ Exbury Southern Native Species (Aromi hybrid)
Rhododendron atlanticum – Fragrant Azalea native
Rhododendron atlanticum ‘Sandtown’ native
Rhododendron atlanticum ‘Winnie B’ native
Rhododendron austrinum - Yellow Azalea native
Rhododendron calendulaceum – Flame Azalea native
Rhododendron canescens ‘Pink’ – Piedmont Azalea native
Rhododendron periclymenoides – Pinxsterbloom Azalea native
Rhododendron vaseyi – Pinkshell Azalea native
Rhododendron viscosum –Sweet Azalea native
Rhododendron viscosum ‘Lemon Drop’ native
Rhododendron x ‘Clear Creek’ (Aromi hybrid)
Rhododendron x ‘George Wood Pink’ native
Rhododendron x ‘Stewartstonian’ (Gable hybrid; non- native evergreen)
Rhododendron x ‘Summer Lyric’
Rhododendron x ‘Weston’s Innocence’










 


Connect on FacebookInstagram
image
News & Updates


Visit Heartwood Nursery
Exceptional selection, pricing, and staff, surpassing department stores by insurmountable bounds…
Hollies
View F.A.Q.
Wholesaler
Retail
Gift Certificate
Mants
Contact Us


 




HomeFAQSite MapContact
©Copyright 2023 All Rights Reserved heartwoodnurseryinc.com
The information contained in this website is provided by us, and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability of the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on this website. All photos are property of Heartwood Nursery. Reproduction without permission is prohibited.